com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noticeDate = 0x7f0e0160
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/data = 0x7f0901e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f10006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info.Media = 0x7f0f011e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f030032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/reason = 0x7f0e01b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f0f013f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_cbse_examination = 0x7f0c001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f0f01bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed = 0x7f050035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/category = 0x7f0e0066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_onlineexam_main = 0x7f0c00b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/roboto_calendar_day_of_the_month_layout = 0x7f0c00de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/point = 0x7f0e019a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/questions = 0x7f0903ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/grandTotal = 0x7f0e010e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/status = 0x7f0e01e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f100045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f0f01a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_onlineexam_questions = 0x7f0c0046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f0f01d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f0f018c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f0f0086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f0f003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f0f01b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f10000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f10003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f10003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/BaseBarChart = 0x7f100014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/onlineexamheading = 0x7f0e016d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/singlechoice_layout = 0x7f090416
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c00a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f090055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/totalquestion = 0x7f0e021c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_a_value = 0x7f090374
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f0f01c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f0f0172
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f0f0096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f100022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentid = 0x7f0e018f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_up_arrow_blue = 0x7f070112
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f0f0198
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f0f01d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotificationAdapter_createdbyTV = 0x7f090462
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f0f0097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/idcard = 0x7f0e0123
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/time1 = 0x7f090510
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f100070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date3 = 0x7f0901ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sno = 0x7f09041d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f100052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f100028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CardView = 0x7f10001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/transportRoute = 0x7f0e021d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f0f018a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f100008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.IconButton = 0x7f0f01e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_update_text = 0x7f0e0087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/timeLine = 0x7f0e0208
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/timetableheading = 0x7f0e020b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/assissment_layout = 0x7f0c0083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f100001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_documents_documentIcon = 0x7f09009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cancel = 0x7f0e0062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/customRatingBar = 0x7f0f01fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f100051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f0f01ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f0f01d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f0f019e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/currentAdd = 0x7f0e00a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f0f0138
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f09042f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f090020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f0f0060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f0f001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Layout = 0x7f100042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f0f01a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addLeave_dialog_fromdateTV = 0x7f090103
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f100079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/wrong_mark = 0x7f07015c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_wrong = 0x7f070118
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/upload_homework = 0x7f0c010a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f0f01a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f090032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_student_download_videos = 0x7f0c00b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/closedexam = 0x7f0e0079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textimage = 0x7f090503
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/asConfigured = 0x7f090126
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f0f0115
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f10005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noticeheading = 0x7f0e0161
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f09024e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f0f01ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header3 = 0x7f090176
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f0f00a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/quantity = 0x7f0e01ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f0f0105
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f0f0194
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f0f0129
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f0f00e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f0f018f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f050075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0300b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f050047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/yes = 0x7f0e023f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/passing_per = 0x7f09038c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gcm_defaultSenderId = 0x7f0e0103
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_lesson = 0x7f0900cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_examschedule_examlist_activity = 0x7f0c00f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f100065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f0f01f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_paymentPaid = 0x7f0900b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow = 0x7f0c00cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_titleTV = 0x7f0900fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f0f0149
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/quiz_count = 0x7f0903bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c00e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f0f01f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f0f00cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f050036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_setting = 0x7f0c0026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f030023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f0f0176
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_enable_text = 0x7f0e007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f060075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/app_rej = 0x7f0e003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f0f012a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f017f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c0106
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f0f0173
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardianrelation_layout = 0x7f090297
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f014a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f0f012d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/SwipeLayout = 0x7f10006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/up = 0x7f090551
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f0166
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ghost_view = 0x7f090281
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f100019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f0f0163
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f0f01dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/currentAdd = 0x7f0901de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/previousSchool = 0x7f0e01a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f03030f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f0e001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/liveclasses_activity = 0x7f0c00c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/thursday = 0x7f0e0206
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f0f0161
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hostel = 0x7f0e011c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/descriptionfield = 0x7f0e00b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f0f0102
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f100003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f0157
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/wrong = 0x7f0e023d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f07001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f100044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/snapMargins = 0x7f09041c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f0f0152
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f014c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f100041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fromdate = 0x7f09027b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f060044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/checkbox_background = 0x7f070071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f0e01d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f0f01a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tab.Colored = 0x7f0f0141
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f0f013c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f0f0136
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/reason = 0x7f0903cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f060074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/verificationMessage = 0x7f0e0235
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/evaluatedBy = 0x7f0e00d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f0f0122
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f0f01a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f0f00a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2.Media = 0x7f0f0120
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f050020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f0f011b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f0f0117
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0178
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f0f010f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/NavigationTheme = 0x7f0f00c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f0f0183
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f014e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f0f0101
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MaterialComponents_FlexboxLayout_Layout = 0x7f10004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f090570
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/content_attachment = 0x7f0c0091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f0f00b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/previousSchool_layout = 0x7f0903a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/btntext = 0x7f060054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f0064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f0f0014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f10006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f0f00f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/ratingreq = 0x7f0e01b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f0f01bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_headLayout = 0x7f0900b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f0f0142
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f0f0127
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_gradeHeaderTV = 0x7f09047f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_c_value = 0x7f09031c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f0f00f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostel = 0x7f0902a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f0f00f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f0903f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f030017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/balance = 0x7f0e004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/commentlist = 0x7f0c008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f0f00ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_noteTV = 0x7f09006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_close = 0x7f0700c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f0f00ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f0f00ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bestChoice = 0x7f090148
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f10000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0600f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f060088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f10006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/teacherheading = 0x7f0e0202
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_arrow_up = 0x7f0700ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f0160
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parentPanel = 0x7f090385
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/students_processfees_activity = 0x7f0c0103
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/radiogroup = 0x7f0903c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/back_select = 0x7f07005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/zoomheading = 0x7f0e0243
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/lesson_topic_dialoug = 0x7f0c00bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f0f00e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/clockwise = 0x7f090195
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/google_storage_bucket = 0x7f0e010b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f00d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/toDateError = 0x7f0e020f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_createdByTV = 0x7f0900b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f0f009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dateET = 0x7f0901f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/true_value = 0x7f090545
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f00cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f0f0188
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f06009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f0f01d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/vertical_only = 0x7f090561
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/vehicleModel = 0x7f09055b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f00d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f070123
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f0f00cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f10006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/CustomTablayout = 0x7f0f00c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/exams = 0x7f0e00e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f09003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter = 0x7f090442
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_hostel_detail = 0x7f0c0060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f09041a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f0f0196
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeesmonth = 0x7f090540
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/other_recyclerView = 0x7f09037e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f0f00be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f0302f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f0f00bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/passwordLayout = 0x7f09038d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f0f00ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/allStates = 0x7f09011b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f0f00b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f0f0147
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f0f00a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f0f01d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/partial = 0x7f0e0178
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f070059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f0f010b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f0f0053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/assigned_on = 0x7f0e0047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f0f0039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f0f0098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f0f01cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/linear_layout = 0x7f0902ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_minus_black = 0x7f0700e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/teaching_method = 0x7f0e0204
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/balanceAmt = 0x7f0e0050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/quizresult = 0x7f0e01af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f0f0093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gmeet_description = 0x7f090286
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CircleImageView = 0x7f100020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f0f00ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/attendance = 0x7f0e004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f100036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f0f00dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f10003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f0f0088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/day = 0x7f0e00b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/selectDateError = 0x7f0e01d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_hostel_activity = 0x7f0c00f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f0f010a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_leave = 0x7f0c007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f0f0087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_motherOccupation = 0x7f0904cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_lessonTV = 0x7f0901c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_teacher_detail = 0x7f0c0073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/BarChart = 0x7f100013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f0f0114
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.IconButton = 0x7f0f01e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f0f00f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/point = 0x7f0903a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f0f0084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f0f00e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f0f017b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f0f0082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/edit_task_dialog = 0x7f0c00a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/cbse_subjecttimetable_list = 0x7f0c008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f0f0081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_transport_route = 0x7f0c0077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/username = 0x7f0e022c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/transportheading = 0x7f0e021f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f0e014b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wrong_count = 0x7f090585
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f0f0077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/apiErrorMsg = 0x7f0e003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rooomno = 0x7f0903e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f100025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_pendingTask_head = 0x7f0904aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f0f015b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/saturday = 0x7f0e01ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f0f01ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_nameView = 0x7f0900da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/settingheading = 0x7f0e01de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/questions = 0x7f0c00da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/subject = 0x7f0e01ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:xml/provider_paths = 0x7f110000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/submitted = 0x7f0e01f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f05004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_headLayout = 0x7f090067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f0f005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f100034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentDiscount = 0x7f0e0185
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f060026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gardianPhone = 0x7f0e0101
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f0f004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Logout = 0x7f0e0006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f0f003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f0164
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption3_layout = 0x7f090314
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f0f011d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransportAdapter_vehicleTV = 0x7f090497
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_rackTV = 0x7f0900df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/line1 = 0x7f0902ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/google_app_id = 0x7f0e0109
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/upload_documents = 0x7f0e0225
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f0f0112
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f050073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feesgroup_layout = 0x7f09026a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examfrom = 0x7f0e00dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f0f003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/imageView = 0x7f0902bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cbseexam = 0x7f0e0067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f0f0036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f0f000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/submit = 0x7f0e01f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f090506
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f090202
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/offlinePayment = 0x7f09035d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentbehaviour_listview = 0x7f0904cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/submit_area = 0x7f0904da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f0f002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f0f0029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f0f0028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f0f013b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f0f0026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/basic_layout = 0x7f090144
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f0f0020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/notice = 0x7f0e015e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/red = 0x7f050093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/nav_settings = 0x7f070124
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gender = 0x7f0e0104
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_e_image = 0x7f09031f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f050039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f0f00b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Motion = 0x7f10004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/usernamePasswordHint = 0x7f0e022d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f0f0016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action0 = 0x7f090040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f0f000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/end = 0x7f090241
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f0e0013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f090035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f0f0182
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f0f00b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f0f0169
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f0f00de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f05007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f0f019c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_classTimetable_roomNoTV = 0x7f090096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/max = 0x7f0e0141
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/count = 0x7f0901b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/youranswer = 0x7f0e0241
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/unpaid = 0x7f0e0221
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0156
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/AppTheme.AppBarOverlay = 0x7f0f0007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/View = 0x7f100077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f0f018b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f0002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f0f0004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/email = 0x7f09023f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/comment_icon = 0x7f070074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f10004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_description = 0x7f0900bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/zoom = 0x7f0e0242
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/videoTutorial = 0x7f0e0237
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gmeetheading = 0x7f0e0107
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/admissionNo = 0x7f0e0033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f100005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f0159
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f09024f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/vehicleRoute = 0x7f0e0234
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/CreditHours = 0x7f0e0003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBookIssued_issueDateTV = 0x7f0900d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/uploadhomeworkheading = 0x7f0e0229
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f0e006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_dashboard_activity_new = 0x7f0c00eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f0e017f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f09004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f0301bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_src_text = 0x7f090405
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header2 = 0x7f090175
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_leave = 0x7f090111
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Media = 0x7f0f0121
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f070132
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_homework_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/datetime = 0x7f0e00ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_roomTV = 0x7f0900aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/admin = 0x7f0e0032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/mobileNo = 0x7f0e0145
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/title = 0x7f0e020c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f0f0085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f05001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f0f00eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentmodeError = 0x7f0e0190
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/time = 0x7f0e0207
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/item_title = 0x7f0902ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/teachers = 0x7f0e0203
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f015a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/task = 0x7f0e01fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parent_studentList_studentNameTV = 0x7f09038a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addLeave_dialog_submitBtn = 0x7f090104
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egUseCubic = 0x7f030126
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/syllabuslessonheading = 0x7f0e01fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/percentage = 0x7f0e0194
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/division = 0x7f0e00bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e0015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/syllabus_status = 0x7f0e01fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f070046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/switchStudent = 0x7f0e01f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f0f00d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/subtopics = 0x7f0e01f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f0f00db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f070133
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f0f00ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/lessonplan = 0x7f0e0132
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/basic_adapterlayout = 0x7f090142
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/visitorbookheading = 0x7f0e023a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f0f0019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f0f01e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f0f01ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f100050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/choose_from_gallery = 0x7f0e0072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f05008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTeacherAdapter_contactTV = 0x7f09048e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/submit = 0x7f0904d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/studentbehaviour = 0x7f0e01ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f0f0050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subjectwise_layout = 0x7f0904d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/selectfile = 0x7f0e01da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courseOverview = 0x7f0e0099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f10001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/choose_payment_mode = 0x7f0c008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f100039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_gmeet_live_classes = 0x7f0c002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/select_language = 0x7f0e01d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courseIncludes = 0x7f0e0097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostelRoomType = 0x7f0902ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/descriptive_answer = 0x7f09020c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hostelRoom = 0x7f0e011d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/lesson_description = 0x7f0c00be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/saveLang = 0x7f0e01cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_content_upload_detail = 0x7f0c003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c00ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_subjectNameTV = 0x7f0900fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f0f0021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/rte = 0x7f0e01c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/ratethis = 0x7f0e01b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f0f00aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/routepickuppoint = 0x7f0e01c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/routeName = 0x7f0e01c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/validateregisterid = 0x7f0e0230
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/result = 0x7f0e01c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_new_dashboard = 0x7f0c0022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_test = 0x7f0c007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/reqcurrency = 0x7f0e01be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/religion = 0x7f0e01ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/attendancepage = 0x7f070058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0e00e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/reference = 0x7f0e01b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/remark_layout = 0x7f0903d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/cancel_action = 0x7f09015e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/livegmeetclasses = 0x7f0e0139
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/attachment = 0x7f0e0049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f0167
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f0f0092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/price_layout = 0x7f0903a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f09004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/green_outline = 0x7f0700aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/rank = 0x7f0e01b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f0f012e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/author = 0x7f0e004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f0f011c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f0f017c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/quiz = 0x7f0e01ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/invalidUsername = 0x7f0e012a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f0f0107
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noticeBoard = 0x7f0e015f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f07002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/compre_ques = 0x7f0e0090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f0f0018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/processing = 0x7f0e01a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c00e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/price = 0x7f0e01a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f100012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f100002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentId = 0x7f0e0188
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f0f01e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f0f01b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/quiz_layout = 0x7f0c00dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/weight = 0x7f0e023c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/previous = 0x7f0e019f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/personalDetail = 0x7f0e0196
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/distance = 0x7f0e00ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentdateError = 0x7f0e018d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentFrom = 0x7f0e0187
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pickup_point = 0x7f09039b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/editLeave = 0x7f0e00cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f100011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f030156
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:font/poppins_regular = 0x7f080002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/packed = 0x7f090381
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/libraryBookIssued = 0x7f0e0136
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f0f0175
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f0061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f0e017e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pin = 0x7f09039e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f09052f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f0e017d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f0f01a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/password = 0x7f0e017c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f016b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/passing_per = 0x7f0e017b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f0f01eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/onlinecourseheading = 0x7f0e016b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f0f01dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/offlinebankpayment = 0x7f0e0165
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_syllabs_lesson = 0x7f0c006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f09035f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/offline_payment = 0x7f0e0164
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/QualityPoints = 0x7f0e000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/note = 0x7f0e015d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_report_card_exam_list_activity = 0x7f0c00f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f0f001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/notReturned = 0x7f0e0159
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header7 = 0x7f09017a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noofperson = 0x7f0e0157
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_c_value = 0x7f090378
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/selected_currency = 0x7f09040b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hostelRoomType = 0x7f0e0120
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/et_email_fp = 0x7f090247
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_task_TaskDateTV = 0x7f0900eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examList_nameTV = 0x7f090081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noduedate = 0x7f0e0155
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Chip = 0x7f10001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f0f01b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noStatus = 0x7f0e0154
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/default_female = 0x7f07008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f0f0030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/messagefield = 0x7f0e0142
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/negative = 0x7f0e014d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/academic = 0x7f0e002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/minutes = 0x7f0e0144
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f0f0191
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/mathematics = 0x7f0e0140
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f0f00ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f0f01b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/totalmarks = 0x7f0e021b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/made = 0x7f0e013d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/report_card = 0x7f0e01bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dateofPayment = 0x7f0e00ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotification_bottomSheet__header = 0x7f090468
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/resultTV = 0x7f0903d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feescode = 0x7f090267
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/email_layout = 0x7f090240
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/logoutMsg = 0x7f0e013c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/notification = 0x7f0e0162
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/login = 0x7f0e013b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/religion = 0x7f0903d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/deleteMsg = 0x7f0e00b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/liveclasses = 0x7f0e0138
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/libraryStatus = 0x7f0e0137
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f03006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_evaluatedByHeadTV = 0x7f0900be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/lessons = 0x7f0e0134
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/lessonplanheading = 0x7f0e0133
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/language = 0x7f0e012e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sundayNoData = 0x7f0904df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/message = 0x7f0c00c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f0e0024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/issueDate = 0x7f0e012b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_head = 0x7f090228
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/incompleted = 0x7f0e0126
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f0f0135
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/weight_layout = 0x7f09057d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ring = 0x7f070144
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/userNameHint = 0x7f0e022a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/ifscCode = 0x7f0e0124
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/homework_bottomSheet_headerTV = 0x7f0902a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardianName_layout = 0x7f090292
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/iAm = 0x7f0e0122
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f0f01d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f0300c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hostelRoomCost = 0x7f0e011e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_syllabus_timetable_activity = 0x7f0c00fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/homework = 0x7f0e0118
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f0f01ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/holiday = 0x7f0e0115
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f050017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/halfDay = 0x7f0e0110
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/google_api_key = 0x7f0e0108
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f0f0137
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/feeheading = 0x7f0e00ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f05007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/studentHouse = 0x7f0e01eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f100026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/friday = 0x7f0e00f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/correct_mark = 0x7f0901b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f0f0035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_online_course = 0x7f0c0031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0904eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dob = 0x7f0e00bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fatherOcc = 0x7f0e00eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/privacyPolicy = 0x7f0e01a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f0f00f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/wronganswer = 0x7f0e023e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fatherName = 0x7f0e00ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/sessionStartMonth = 0x7f0e01dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_percentageTV = 0x7f090481
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gmeet_date = 0x7f090285
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f040000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/father = 0x7f0e00e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addLeave_dialog_todateTV = 0x7f090105
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f0f01b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f0f018d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/grade = 0x7f09028b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f0f008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/returned = 0x7f0e01c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f0e00e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subject1 = 0x7f0904d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/reset_quiz = 0x7f0903d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_evluationDateTV = 0x7f0900c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examrank = 0x7f0e00e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dailycircularheading = 0x7f0e00a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/exam_schedule = 0x7f0e00dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/evaluationDate = 0x7f0e00d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examlistheading = 0x7f0e00df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parallax = 0x7f090383
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f03015b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/enterreview = 0x7f0e00d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_examination = 0x7f0700eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/edittimelineheading = 0x7f0e00d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f0f00a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_homeworkDateTV = 0x7f0900c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/issuedbookheading = 0x7f0e012c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.IconButton = 0x7f0f01e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f0302de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f07000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_onlineexam = 0x7f0700fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/editleaveheading = 0x7f0e00ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f0301d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f07002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f0f0099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/editassignmentheading = 0x7f0e00cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dueDate = 0x7f0e00c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f0f0003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/reset = 0x7f0e01c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/presentation = 0x7f0903a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f0301d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f0f01db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f100063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f0f0034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_check_black = 0x7f0700c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/amt = 0x7f0e0036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/white = 0x7f0500b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_a_value = 0x7f090318
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBookIssue_bookNameTV = 0x7f0900d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/headerlayout = 0x7f09029a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f09011f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/default_web_client_id = 0x7f0e00b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/exam = 0x7f0e00d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fromTime = 0x7f0e00fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fromDateError = 0x7f0e00fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/teacherreviewpage = 0x7f070150
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dateto = 0x7f0e00af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/date = 0x7f0e00aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dailyassignmentheading = 0x7f0e00a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:menu/navigation = 0x7f0d0001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/spline = 0x7f090422
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f0051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f0151
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f0f00df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/driverName = 0x7f0e00c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/schoolCode = 0x7f0e01ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/download = 0x7f0e00c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/currentSession = 0x7f0e00a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f06005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/createdOn = 0x7f0e00a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/createdBy = 0x7f0e00a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_gmeet_titlename = 0x7f0900b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_vehicleModel = 0x7f090537
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f03005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dateto = 0x7f0901f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f06006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/createNewLeave = 0x7f0e00a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cbseexamresult = 0x7f0e006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courseperformaneheading = 0x7f0e009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/login_activity = 0x7f0c00c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Capability = 0x7f10001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/course_list = 0x7f0e009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/assissment_type_layout = 0x7f0c0084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/childList = 0x7f0e0071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courseDetail = 0x7f0e0096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/correct = 0x7f0e0093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f100064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_dashboard_calender = 0x7f0c00ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/localIdNo = 0x7f0902f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/totalattempts = 0x7f0e0219
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f0f0192
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/time2 = 0x7f090511
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_current_day_ring = 0x7f05009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bottom_wrapper = 0x7f09014f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_notification_ticker = 0x7f0e0083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/truefalse_layout = 0x7f090547
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/applyDateError = 0x7f0e0040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:menu/options_menu = 0x7f0d0002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/staticLayout = 0x7f090433
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_student_download_assignment = 0x7f0c00b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_install_text = 0x7f0e0080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hostelheading = 0x7f0e0121
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f0f01de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f0f01d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_enable_button = 0x7f0e007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_profileImageview = 0x7f090473
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/classTeacher = 0x7f0e0075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Message = 0x7f0e0008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f100033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/choosefile = 0x7f0e0073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_downloads_activity = 0x7f0c00ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/chat = 0x7f0e0070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f0e006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f09026d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/question_wise_layout_new = 0x7f0c00d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/buynow = 0x7f0e0060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f0f01ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/onlineresultheading = 0x7f0e016f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/booksIssued = 0x7f0e005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bookheading = 0x7f0e005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f0f012b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Adapter_statusTV = 0x7f090001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f100037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bookNumber = 0x7f0e005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/book = 0x7f0e005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f0f00d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f0f0094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f0f0124
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/examinationpage = 0x7f07009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_intimeTV = 0x7f09006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_exam_schedule_activity = 0x7f0c00ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f070066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/behaviourscore = 0x7f0e0058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f0170
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/awaited = 0x7f0e004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f0f0066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/attendanceheading = 0x7f0e004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/attempted = 0x7f0e004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/firebase_database_url = 0x7f0e00f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f0f01ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/videoplay_activity = 0x7f0c010d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/assignment = 0x7f0e0048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f0e0025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MockView = 0x7f10004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e0019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/assigned_by = 0x7f0e0046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/behaviourreportheading = 0x7f0e0057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/asOnDate = 0x7f0e0044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/project_id = 0x7f0e01a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f10007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/approved = 0x7f0e0043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f0f00c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/completed = 0x7f0e008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accelerate = 0x7f09001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/south = 0x7f09041e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f090409
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_dateTV = 0x7f09005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f0e01e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f0e0037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/admDate = 0x7f0e0031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f014f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_task_dialog = 0x7f0c0081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/rejected = 0x7f0e01b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fileselected = 0x7f0e00f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/addtimelineheading = 0x7f0e0030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f0f013e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f0f00a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/address = 0x7f0e002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_remarkTV = 0x7f09007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f0f0027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_teacher_activity_new = 0x7f0c00ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f0f01c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/room = 0x7f0e01c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/submitdate = 0x7f0904db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/selected_file = 0x7f070148
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTeacherAdapter_emailTV = 0x7f09048f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pending = 0x7f090395
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f0f0180
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/absent = 0x7f0e0029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/due_on = 0x7f0e00c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f0e0027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bankName = 0x7f0e0052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f0e0023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f0e0022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0904e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_subject_nameTV = 0x7f0900ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f09028e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f0f0095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f090162
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feeAmtTV = 0x7f09044a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f0f01fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e0017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f0f01fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f0600d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_line = 0x7f090092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f0e0012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f0e000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/multiply = 0x7f09032e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/uploadfile = 0x7f0c010c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f100009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f0f000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f00ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/teacher_detail_dialog = 0x7f0c0108
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f0e0180
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f100038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_personal_new = 0x7f0c0069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f0f0126
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/uploaddate = 0x7f0e0227
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_teacher_activity = 0x7f0c00fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/notattempt = 0x7f090355
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_library_book_issued_activity = 0x7f0c00f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_homework_activity = 0x7f0c00f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_documents_activity = 0x7f0c00ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_dashboard_activity = 0x7f0c00ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_class_subjectlist_activity = 0x7f0c00e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/BottomNavigationActive = 0x7f0f00c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_wear_update_text = 0x7f0e008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pull_out = 0x7f0903b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_chat_activity = 0x7f0c00e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c00e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/savenext = 0x7f0e01cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noofbed = 0x7f0e0156
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f10001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/roboto_calendar_picker_layout = 0x7f0c00e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Pending = 0x7f0e0009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f0f00ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c00d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c00cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/callMeasure = 0x7f09015d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom = 0x7f0c00cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_media_cancel_action = 0x7f0c00c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/description = 0x7f0e00b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Active = 0x7f0f0131
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/empty = 0x7f0e00d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/delete = 0x7f090205
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tab = 0x7f0f0140
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_media_action = 0x7f0c00c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_update_title = 0x7f0e0088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:font/poppins_medium = 0x7f080001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_student_profile_parents_new = 0x7f0c00bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_pendingTaskView = 0x7f0904a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/taskpage = 0x7f07014f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_student_profile = 0x7f0c00ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_notification_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_login_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f0f00e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f0f00e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/currency = 0x7f0e00a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f0f00fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_list = 0x7f0c00b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RobotoCalendarDayOfTheMonthText = 0x7f0f00d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_class_timetable_activity = 0x7f0c00e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_profile = 0x7f0c006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f0f0146
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_subject_nameHeader = 0x7f0900e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/feesgroup = 0x7f0e00f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_report_card_exam_result_activity = 0x7f0c00f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_hostel_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.IconButton = 0x7f0f01e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f030291
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_subjectIconIV = 0x7f090485
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_fees_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f0f00a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examList_percentageTV = 0x7f090082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0902cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/absent_a = 0x7f0e002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_text_input_password_icon = 0x7f0c00a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f0f01be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dob_layout = 0x7f09021c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/evaluated_status_layout = 0x7f09024b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/edit_assignment = 0x7f0c00a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/radio = 0x7f0903c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/demo = 0x7f0c0097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/invalidPassword = 0x7f0e0129
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e0016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/consolidate_detail_dialog = 0x7f0c0090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_main = 0x7f0c00b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/choose_file = 0x7f0c008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/quiztitle = 0x7f0e01b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/barcode = 0x7f0e0055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day = 0x7f0901f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/headLayout = 0x7f090299
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/message = 0x7f09030a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_install_title = 0x7f0e0081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_timeline = 0x7f0c0082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f0f01a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_rating_dialog = 0x7f0c007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/feeDetail = 0x7f0e00ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/auto = 0x7f090132
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f100018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f0600d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/online_course = 0x7f0e0169
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f0f017a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f0f01f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default = 0x7f050032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/transportfeesmonth = 0x7f0e021e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_transport = 0x7f0c0076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_subjectlistnew = 0x7f0c006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_lessonplan = 0x7f0c0063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f0047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Transform = 0x7f100073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/button_style_grey = 0x7f07006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_hostel = 0x7f0c005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_homework_new = 0x7f0c005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_library_book = 0x7f0c0064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_subjectTV = 0x7f0904b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f10002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/communicate = 0x7f0e008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianOccupation = 0x7f0904c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f0f012f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_homework = 0x7f0c005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f100030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_fees_detail = 0x7f0c005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_leave_dialoug = 0x7f0c007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_exam_list = 0x7f0c0055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/container = 0x7f0901ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/main_content = 0x7f090300
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_behaviour = 0x7f0c004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/academic_recyclerView = 0x7f09001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feeDueDateTV = 0x7f09044c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/createdBy_layout = 0x7f0901d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f0f0186
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f0f0056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f0302e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_documents = 0x7f0c0054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_start_section = 0x7f0c004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_attach_file_black = 0x7f0700bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f03028b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f0f00c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f07004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f0e0020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_report_card_exam_list = 0x7f0c004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/style_button_background = 0x7f07014d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_processfees = 0x7f0c0048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentDate = 0x7f0e0184
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_relation = 0x7f070108
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_library_book_activity = 0x7f0c00f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_user = 0x7f070113
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_offlinepayment = 0x7f0c0045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_timeline = 0x7f0c0075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_big_media = 0x7f0c00ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0300b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f03032f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_fragment_studentdownload = 0x7f0c0043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f03008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_dashboard_bottomsheet = 0x7f0c0041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/uniform = 0x7f09054e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_viewContainer = 0x7f0900b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_check = 0x7f0700c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/discount = 0x7f0e00b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/barcode_layout = 0x7f09013b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_daily_assignment = 0x7f0c0040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f100029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f0e0026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_start_lesson = 0x7f0c0037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/total_ques = 0x7f0e0216
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/icon = 0x7f0902b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/filled = 0x7f09026f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f0700e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f03027f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_online_quiz_result = 0x7f0c0035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f0f0197
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f0f01f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/disapproved = 0x7f0e00b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/list = 0x7f0902ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f0f0024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/percentage = 0x7f090398
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/easeIn = 0x7f090237
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_online_exam = 0x7f0c0032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/down_from_top = 0x7f01001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/homeworkDate = 0x7f0e0119
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f030095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_apply_leave = 0x7f0c0028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/card_top = 0x7f060058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_start_lesson = 0x7f0c0027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f0f0037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f07002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/take_url_activity = 0x7f0c0107
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_open_pdf = 0x7f0c0025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rollno_layout = 0x7f0903e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_offlinepayment = 0x7f0c0024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_notification_list = 0x7f0c0023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_listview = 0x7f0c0021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/question = 0x7f0903b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_behaviour_comment = 0x7f0c001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_video_tutorial_play = 0x7f0c003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/downloadheading = 0x7f0e00c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/chronometer = 0x7f09016f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f0f002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/classhost = 0x7f0e0078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/wednesday = 0x7f0e023b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f0f00a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_hostelDetail_roomNoTV = 0x7f0900cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/profile = 0x7f0e01a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianImage = 0x7f0904c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/join = 0x7f0e012d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b0007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f0f017d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_background = 0x7f090569
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/parent = 0x7f0e0176
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paidAmt = 0x7f0e0175
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/documentheading = 0x7f0e00bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_logo = 0x7f0902fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_course_rating = 0x7f0c007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/civ_fill_color = 0x7f0300a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view = 0x7f090567
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noData = 0x7f0e0150
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_reportcard_activity = 0x7f0c00fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f0f00b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/description = 0x7f090209
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rating_layout = 0x7f0903c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f090168
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header6 = 0x7f090179
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f060048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moduleiamge = 0x7f09030f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_syllabus_status = 0x7f0c003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a0009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f0f004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textStart = 0x7f090500
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/youtubeurl = 0x7f090589
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f0f01cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/youtube_layout = 0x7f090588
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseprice = 0x7f0901d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_fees = 0x7f0c005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option3_layout = 0x7f090364
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f100040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/hintDark = 0x7f05005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0902c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/x_right = 0x7f090587
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/documentpage = 0x7f070098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f090583
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f030015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f060082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_modeTV = 0x7f090453
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/percentX = 0x7f03024d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/weight = 0x7f09057c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f0f0111
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f0302d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostel_bottomSheet_listview = 0x7f0902af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/web_view = 0x7f090577
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_evaluatedByHeadTV = 0x7f090064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0700e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/visible = 0x7f090573
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/scrollable = 0x7f0903fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/section = 0x7f0e01d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/groups = 0x7f090291
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/notschedule = 0x7f0e0163
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/content = 0x7f0901ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egBarMargin = 0x7f030111
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0902b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_logout = 0x7f090338
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/viewpager = 0x7f090572
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_disabled = 0x7f05006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/rightarrow = 0x7f070143
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courseperformance = 0x7f0e009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f09056e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/maintainMessage = 0x7f0e013e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pass = 0x7f0e0179
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f09056b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f0300d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/videotitlename = 0x7f090566
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rank = 0x7f0903c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/videoNameTV = 0x7f090563
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/vehicleRoute_layout = 0x7f09055f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f0f0187
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_transport_routes_activity = 0x7f0c0101
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cancelled = 0x7f0e0063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/mother = 0x7f0e0147
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/item_subtitle = 0x7f0902c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianContact = 0x7f0904c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f03026e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/vehicleNo_layout = 0x7f09055d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_consolidate_detail = 0x7f0c0052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f050000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/uploaddate = 0x7f090556
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f030312
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_submissiondateTV = 0x7f0900fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tv_passwordReset_login = 0x7f09054a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/answerwordcount = 0x7f0e0039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f060071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f0f01d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_leave = 0x7f0700df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/evaluated = 0x7f09024a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeesmonth_layout = 0x7f090541
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f0f0022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeesAdapter_payBtn = 0x7f09053f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeeDueDateTV = 0x7f09053c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportdiscountTV = 0x7f090539
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/changeUrl = 0x7f0e006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/viewdetail = 0x7f090571
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/title = 0x7f090514
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_nameLay = 0x7f090017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_day_of_the_month_font = 0x7f05009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f07003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f10004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_email = 0x7f0700d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_vehicleMade = 0x7f090536
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f0302b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/daily_assignment = 0x7f0e00a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_course_curriculum_lesson = 0x7f0c003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_header = 0x7f090535
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/lightGrey = 0x7f05005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f0301d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_driverName = 0x7f090534
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/topimage = 0x7f090520
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sin = 0x7f090415
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/cbseexaminationpage = 0x7f07006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f0300da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f0f01fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_assignment = 0x7f0700bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/titleET = 0x7f090516
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/timer = 0x7f090513
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/time3 = 0x7f090512
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f0f003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/notification_material_background_media_default_color = 0x7f050087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f05006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/time = 0x7f09050f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f0302b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_paymentDiscount = 0x7f0900af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textview4 = 0x7f09050b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f030302
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textinput_error = 0x7f090505
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f0f00b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f0f0181
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f090504
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentLesson_listView = 0x7f09045f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/refresh = 0x7f0903cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0904f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f100023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0904f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0904f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_lesson = 0x7f0c0061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0904ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionDown = 0x7f090046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/label = 0x7f0902ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0904ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f030337
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0904ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorError = 0x7f0300ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c00a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/syllabusstatus_listview = 0x7f0904e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subject3 = 0x7f0904d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentsDownloads_tabContainer = 0x7f0904d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Variant = 0x7f100076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_motherHead = 0x7f0904c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f0f0057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0600f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f050086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentDocument_listview = 0x7f09043f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f100032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/starttime = 0x7f090432
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wrap_content = 0x7f090582
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/main_layout = 0x7f090301
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f016e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_bottomSheet_listview = 0x7f090262
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianRelation = 0x7f0904c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f030251
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f0f0023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_install_button = 0x7f0e007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianName = 0x7f0904c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f0f00fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianEmail = 0x7f0904c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianAddress = 0x7f0904c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_fatherOccupation = 0x7f0904bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/total_answerwordcount = 0x7f090521
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_submissionDateTV = 0x7f0904b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_evaluationDateTV = 0x7f0904b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classSubject_hindiList = 0x7f090171
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_downloadBtn = 0x7f0904ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_imageBanner = 0x7f0901ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_descriptionWV = 0x7f0904ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f0f00b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f00ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_division = 0x7f09047a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_pendingTask_value = 0x7f0904ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_barcodeIV = 0x7f09046e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_transport_route_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_teacher = 0x7f0c0072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_pendingTaskCard = 0x7f0904a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0301f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_homework_value = 0x7f0904a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f030261
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_attendance = 0x7f09049a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_paymentFine = 0x7f0900b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c00a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/upload = 0x7f0e0224
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransportAdapter_vehicleTable = 0x7f090498
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_paymentId = 0x7f0900b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f0f0128
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTeacherAdapter_nameTV = 0x7f090491
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTasks_listview = 0x7f09048d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f0f008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f0f0033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f10005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTasks_fab = 0x7f09048c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f030244
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_teacherMailIconIV = 0x7f09048a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTeacher_listView = 0x7f090492
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_discountAmtTV = 0x7f090446
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f0600d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/courseperformance_data = 0x7f0c0093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_nameTV = 0x7f090484
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f03005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_motherImage = 0x7f0904ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/caste = 0x7f0e0065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/staff = 0x7f09042b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_statusTV = 0x7f090483
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f030151
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_d_image = 0x7f09031d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/recyclerview = 0x7f0903cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/font = 0x7f03015c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_examListview = 0x7f09047b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feePaidAmtTV = 0x7f09044d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_barcodeHeader = 0x7f09046d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f0f00bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_admissionNoTV = 0x7f09046c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_admissionNoHeader = 0x7f09046b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/routetitle = 0x7f0e01c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f0f0032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfileFragment_listview = 0x7f09046a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f0f01b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f070016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f09052b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/closest = 0x7f090196
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentHouse = 0x7f09045c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/totalmarks = 0x7f090527
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_paymentidTV = 0x7f090455
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_homework_new = 0x7f0c002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f090151
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_paidamtTV = 0x7f090454
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_homework_head = 0x7f0904a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0904ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_fineTV = 0x7f090452
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f030191
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bankAcNo_layout = 0x7f090138
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f0f00dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f0f01c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feesLay = 0x7f090451
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/percent = 0x7f090397
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f07001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feecodeTV = 0x7f09044e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_discountpayment_idTV = 0x7f090449
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f10002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_start_lesson = 0x7f0c004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f0f01b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f0f00fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_discountTV = 0x7f090448
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_subject_detail = 0x7f0c006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/group_divider = 0x7f09028f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f0f007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/lessonplanpage = 0x7f07011e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f0f0045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/driverLicence = 0x7f0e00c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_dateTV = 0x7f090444
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f0600d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_balanceamtTV = 0x7f090443
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_syllabus = 0x7f0c0038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentDashboard_frame = 0x7f09043e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/appliedleaveheading = 0x7f0e003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/topPanel = 0x7f09051d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/students_subject_activity = 0x7f0c0104
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_onlineexam_startexam = 0x7f0900e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f0f01c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RobotoCalendarMonthArrow = 0x7f0f00d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentAdapter_nameHeader = 0x7f09043a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/include = 0x7f10007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f0f0025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/startBtn = 0x7f09042e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/badge_background = 0x7f07005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/your_answer = 0x7f0e0240
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/upload_file = 0x7f090553
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f0f0118
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/src_over = 0x7f09042a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/src_in = 0x7f090429
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/info = 0x7f0902c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransportAdapter_routeNameTV = 0x7f090495
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/edit = 0x7f09023b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/saturdaylayout = 0x7f0903ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_behaviour_report = 0x7f0c0029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_details = 0x7f0901c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_setting = 0x7f09033a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noInternetMsg = 0x7f0e0151
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/submitted_status_layout = 0x7f0904dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f0301aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/spread_inside = 0x7f090425
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f0301e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_rollNoHeader = 0x7f090477
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rankgpa = 0x7f0903c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/paymentid = 0x7f090394
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f09032c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_rollNoTV = 0x7f090478
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f03025f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/spread = 0x7f090424
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lessoncount = 0x7f0902e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f09026e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f0302d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/splash_logo = 0x7f090421
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_lesson = 0x7f0901bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/included = 0x7f0902c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f090420
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/showCustom = 0x7f090412
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_subjectTypeIconIV = 0x7f090487
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/shortcut = 0x7f090411
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f09032b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/splash_activity = 0x7f0c00e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f09040f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled = 0x7f07007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/shareby = 0x7f09040d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/selected_lang = 0x7f09040c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0300b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f090401
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f0f00cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_button = 0x7f0903ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_lesson_topics = 0x7f0c0062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/notification_alert = 0x7f090358
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/sharedate = 0x7f0e01e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f0f00f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_bar = 0x7f0903fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/remark = 0x7f0903d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_subject = 0x7f0c006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/marksObt = 0x7f090303
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/score = 0x7f0903f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/saturdayNoData = 0x7f0903eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetails_courseNameTV = 0x7f0901c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rte_layout = 0x7f0903ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cbseexamlistheading = 0x7f0e0069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/successdelete = 0x7f0e01f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0500ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/home = 0x7f0902a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_footer = 0x7f090335
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rte = 0x7f0903e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/total_question = 0x7f090525
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f0f001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/routetitle = 0x7f0903e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/line3 = 0x7f0902eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/routepickuppoint = 0x7f0903e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/icon_username_login = 0x7f0902b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/roomno2 = 0x7f0903e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/robotoCalendarDateTitleContainer = 0x7f0903de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBookIssued_bookNoTV = 0x7f0900d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/returnDate = 0x7f0e01c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_arrow_down = 0x7f0700b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f060021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f03020b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_ipd_roomNoView = 0x7f090072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rightButton = 0x7f0903db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egFixedBarWidth = 0x7f030115
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/right = 0x7f0903da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0300a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/religion_layout = 0x7f0903d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rate = 0x7f0903c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/radiogroup_truefalse = 0x7f0903c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0904f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f06001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/driverName_layout = 0x7f090234
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/descriptionET = 0x7f09020a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_library = 0x7f0700ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/quiz_no = 0x7f0903bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/statusdate = 0x7f0e01e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f0f008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f0f0139
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fatheroccup_layout = 0x7f090257
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noQuestionFound = 0x7f0e0153
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_thursdayHeader = 0x7f090187
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Approve = 0x7f090002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f060060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/quiz_name = 0x7f0903be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostel_layout = 0x7f0902b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_student_leave = 0x7f0c0080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/question_layout = 0x7f0903b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/screen = 0x7f0903f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attachment_layout = 0x7f09012b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/marks = 0x7f090302
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/qrcode_layout = 0x7f0903b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cbseexamination = 0x7f0e0068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/qrcode_image = 0x7f0903b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090348
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/previousknowledge = 0x7f0903a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f030319
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionB_image = 0x7f09036c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/previousSchool = 0x7f0903a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f070027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/drawer_selector = 0x7f07009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f090027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0903b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subject = 0x7f0904d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f03004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f030260
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/postLayout = 0x7f0903a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f06005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f0f01c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/liveclass_webview = 0x7f0902f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addLeave_dialog_dateBtn = 0x7f090102
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_sylllabuslist = 0x7f070110
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/position = 0x7f0903a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f0e003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/piechart = 0x7f09039d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/roomno = 0x7f0903e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f060041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pickup_point_layout = 0x7f09039c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f017e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f06004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_bus = 0x7f0700bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/consolidate = 0x7f0e0091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/permanentAdd_layout = 0x7f09039a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f0f01f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/permanentAdd = 0x7f090399
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/nav_footer = 0x7f0c00c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/motherName = 0x7f0e0148
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_d_value = 0x7f09031e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/tuesday = 0x7f0e0220
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f070035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/paymentMode = 0x7f090392
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/patientProfile_profileImageview = 0x7f090390
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/user = 0x7f07015a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f10005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/headlayout = 0x7f09029d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f0301a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pathRelative = 0x7f09038f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/instruction = 0x7f0902c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sym_layout = 0x7f0904e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/path = 0x7f09038e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attempted = 0x7f09012e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/descriptive_ques = 0x7f0e00b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parent_studentList_viewContainer = 0x7f09038b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f050074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0904f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/select = 0x7f0e01d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f090387
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pay = 0x7f0e0182
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lesson_layout = 0x7f0902e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parentRelative = 0x7f090386
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_task_header = 0x7f0900ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_attendance_value = 0x7f09049f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentFine = 0x7f0e0186
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f100061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/totalattempt = 0x7f0e0218
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/processingfees = 0x7f0903aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/normal = 0x7f090352
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onCross = 0x7f030234
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/circle_lightblue = 0x7f070073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f050016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/my_attendance_new = 0x7f09032f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f03016d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/paid_status_layout = 0x7f090382
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation_fees = 0x7f09033d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/question_count = 0x7f0903b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/webview_wrapper = 0x7f090579
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option2 = 0x7f090362
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_e = 0x7f09037b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f0f018e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/savenext_TV = 0x7f0903f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/userImage = 0x7f090558
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_c = 0x7f090377
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_a = 0x7f090373
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionA = 0x7f090369
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/scored_marks = 0x7f0903f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cbsetimetable = 0x7f0e006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option5 = 0x7f090367
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f090213
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option4 = 0x7f090365
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option3 = 0x7f090363
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option1 = 0x7f090361
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actions = 0x7f09005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f05004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/onlinePayment = 0x7f090360
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f0f0174
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/notification_background = 0x7f090359
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f0f00b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feesgroup = 0x7f090269
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/note_layout = 0x7f090357
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f0f00ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nodata = 0x7f09034f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/submitdate = 0x7f0e01f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/noState = 0x7f09034d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lesson_count = 0x7f0902e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f03009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/next = 0x7f09034a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f070015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_topic = 0x7f0900f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f090349
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/publishDate = 0x7f0e01a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation = 0x7f09033c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/AppTheme = 0x7f0f0006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_download_videolist = 0x7f0c0042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_log_version = 0x7f090337
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parent_studentList_studentClassTV = 0x7f090388
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f0f0132
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f0f0049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nationalIdNo_layout = 0x7f090333
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_ipd_symptomsIcon = 0x7f090073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f0f01c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f0f01f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f0302fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nationalIdNo = 0x7f090332
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fragment_studentDownload_assignment_listview = 0x7f090277
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tuesdaylayout = 0x7f090549
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/thisMonth = 0x7f0e0205
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/google_play_services_version = 0x7f0a0008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentdate = 0x7f0e018c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/name = 0x7f090330
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/english = 0x7f0e00d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fathername_layout = 0x7f090256
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mothercontact_layout = 0x7f090327
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f0155
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_homeworkCard = 0x7f0904a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/et_domain_takeUrl = 0x7f090246
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/profile_headerLayout = 0x7f0903ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_text = 0x7f090059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moptiond = 0x7f090324
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/currency_exchange = 0x7f07008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_listview = 0x7f0904ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moptionc = 0x7f090323
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moptionb = 0x7f090322
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f0f0143
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f0f0103
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/qrcode = 0x7f0e01ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f0f0068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption5_layout = 0x7f090316
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f0f009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/unlabeled = 0x7f09054f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/background = 0x7f03003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption4_layout = 0x7f090315
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mobile_layout = 0x7f09030d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f03013c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/masked = 0x7f090304
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_phoneTV = 0x7f090019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_offline_payment = 0x7f0c0030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/made = 0x7f0902ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/NavTextAppearance = 0x7f0f00c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/logout = 0x7f0902fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardiancontact_layout = 0x7f090295
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_gradeTV = 0x7f090480
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_privacyTV = 0x7f0902fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f0f01f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bottom = 0x7f09014c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/teachingMethod = 0x7f0904fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f09052c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_homeworkView = 0x7f0904a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_open_on_phone = 0x7f0e008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_bottomSheet_header = 0x7f0902f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/selectTitleError = 0x7f0e01d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_examResultListview = 0x7f09047d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/stretch = 0x7f090439
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Lesson_listView = 0x7f090008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f0f003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f030215
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ll_checkBox = 0x7f0902f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/rackNo = 0x7f0e01b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/linear = 0x7f0902ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/light = 0x7f0902e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f03026c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/false_image = 0x7f090251
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lessonplan_header = 0x7f0902e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lessonLV = 0x7f0902e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gardianAdd = 0x7f0e00fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/legacy = 0x7f0902e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f0600b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f070032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/left = 0x7f0902e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f0f0134
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/route_layout = 0x7f0903e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/completedquiz_count = 0x7f0901a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_profile_new = 0x7f0c0036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f030231
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lblListItem = 0x7f0902df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/spacer = 0x7f09041f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout7 = 0x7f0902db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f10000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout5 = 0x7f0902d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gardianOcc = 0x7f0e0100
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout2 = 0x7f0902d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f0f01bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout1 = 0x7f0902d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f0158
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/todolist = 0x7f0e0213
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0600ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classSubject_scienceHeader = 0x7f090173
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f09004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_timeline = 0x7f0700f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout = 0x7f0902d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f100024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionE_image = 0x7f090372
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_profiledetails = 0x7f090474
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f0e0011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/largeLabel = 0x7f0902d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/otherDownload = 0x7f0e0171
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/labeled = 0x7f0902cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfineTV = 0x7f090542
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0902cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_tint_password_toggle = 0x7f050049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f03029b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/item_line = 0x7f0902c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f07006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/italic = 0x7f0902c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/image_layout = 0x7f0902c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/subjectdetail = 0x7f0e01ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f0f01d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/showPaths = 0x7f030283
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/teacher_remark = 0x7f0904f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f0177
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/location = 0x7f0902f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/notanswer = 0x7f0e015c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f090219
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_documents_certificate = 0x7f0700ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_visitorbook = 0x7f0c0079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/id = 0x7f0902b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_progress = 0x7f0901cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_attendanceCard = 0x7f09049b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sharedate = 0x7f090410
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/redDanger = 0x7f050094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f030045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/back_tabs = 0x7f07005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hour_layout = 0x7f0902b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day5 = 0x7f0901fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f030266
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_driverLicence = 0x7f090533
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f100048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostel_bottomSheet_crossBtn = 0x7f0902ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/play_icon = 0x7f09039f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotificationAdapter_publishdateTV = 0x7f090465
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f03023d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0902a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0902a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f05008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/homework_bottomSheet_headerLay = 0x7f0902a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egShowValues = 0x7f030125
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0902a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/coursedetailheading = 0x7f0e009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_attendanceView_icon = 0x7f09049d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/height = 0x7f09029e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f0f0190
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/headingTV = 0x7f09029b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f05006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardiaoccup_layout = 0x7f090298
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/default_image = 0x7f07008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f0f002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardianaddress_layout = 0x7f090294
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f030180
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/grouping = 0x7f090290
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gradepoint = 0x7f09028c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/skipped = 0x7f090417
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_d_value = 0x7f09037a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/comments = 0x7f09019c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mondayNoData = 0x7f090311
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/feescode = 0x7f0e00f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gpa_layout = 0x7f09028a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/imageview = 0x7f0902c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/CustomCardView = 0x7f0f00c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/enterAlways = 0x7f090244
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gmeet = 0x7f0e0106
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/savelanguage = 0x7f0903f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/contents = 0x7f0e0092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gpa_bottom_layout = 0x7f090289
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_titleTV = 0x7f090094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f0600c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/icon_group = 0x7f0902b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c00a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gpa_adapterlayout = 0x7f090288
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/scrollView = 0x7f0903fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gone = 0x7f090287
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/aligned = 0x7f090119
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/previousweek = 0x7f0903a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gmeet_classes = 0x7f090284
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_circle_2 = 0x7f050099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/glide_custom_view_target_tag = 0x7f090282
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date5 = 0x7f0901f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tv_who_login = 0x7f09054b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gardianEmail = 0x7f0e00fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f050096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/frost = 0x7f09027c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f09002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fridaylayout = 0x7f09027a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f100053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/true_image = 0x7f090544
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f0f009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f090276
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/titlename = 0x7f090518
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f09052d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contrast = 0x7f0300d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/upi = 0x7f0e0223
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/forgotPassword_layout = 0x7f090274
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f060094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/assigned = 0x7f090127
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/exam_marks = 0x7f09024d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f030323
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/forgotPassword_emailLayout = 0x7f090273
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0153
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f06000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/quiz_layout = 0x7f0903bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f0302e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/flip = 0x7f090271
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/framePosition = 0x7f030169
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentHouse_layout = 0x7f09045d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/filename = 0x7f09026b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_hindiHeader = 0x7f09017e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attendance_mainLay = 0x7f09012f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTeacherAdapter_mailTV = 0x7f090490
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f030106
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_bottomSheet_crossBtn = 0x7f090260
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wide = 0x7f09057f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/neg_marks_layout = 0x7f090344
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_amtTV = 0x7f09025d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feesAdapter_statusTV = 0x7f09025c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f0e0014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentAdapter_routeNameTV = 0x7f09043b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examList_nameHeader = 0x7f0900a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f030083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_addressTV = 0x7f090013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/motion_base = 0x7f09032a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout4 = 0x7f0902d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f0f01ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/notattempt = 0x7f050084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/banktransfer = 0x7f0e0054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name = 0x7f0e0082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_bottomSheet_listview = 0x7f0902f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/library = 0x7f0e0135
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f030282
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fathercontact_layout = 0x7f090255
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/downloadpage = 0x7f070099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/localIdNo = 0x7f0e013a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout6 = 0x7f0902da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f030040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout_username_login = 0x7f0902de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f0302ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/father_layout = 0x7f090254
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/vehicleNo = 0x7f09055c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/et_username_login = 0x7f090249
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/edit_timeline = 0x7f0c00a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/passingMarks = 0x7f0e017a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_hostelDetail_roomCostTV = 0x7f0900cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/homeworkheading = 0x7f0e011b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f0f0067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/todate = 0x7f090519
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/AppliedDate = 0x7f0e0000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f0f01b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/thursdayNoData = 0x7f09050d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f0f00e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_view = 0x7f09033b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f03019f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/edit_query = 0x7f09023c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f0f015e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f0f00e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/false_value_option = 0x7f090253
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/east = 0x7f09023a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examResult_resultTV = 0x7f090087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/easeOut = 0x7f090239
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bankName_layout = 0x7f09013a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/driverName = 0x7f090233
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_userClass = 0x7f09022e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c00a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_syllabus_lesson = 0x7f0c0039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_logo = 0x7f09022b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/test_activity = 0x7f0c0109
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_currentSessionTV = 0x7f090014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragStart = 0x7f090226
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feeDueAmtTV = 0x7f09044b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/present_p = 0x7f0e019c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragRight = 0x7f090225
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_teacherIconIV = 0x7f090489
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f050076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f0f0083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragLeft = 0x7f090224
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragEnd = 0x7f090223
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragDown = 0x7f090222
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f090221
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/dateError = 0x7f0e00ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ifscCode_layout = 0x7f0902bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_documents_header = 0x7f0900a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/download_video = 0x7f09021f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f0301b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circleCrop = 0x7f030099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/downloadBtn = 0x7f09021d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/syllabusheading = 0x7f0e01fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examResult_subjectNameTV = 0x7f090088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textview = 0x7f090507
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/monthText = 0x7f090313
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/disableScroll = 0x7f09021a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f030317
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/disableHome = 0x7f090217
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f030225
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/startlesson = 0x7f0e01e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dialog_button = 0x7f090214
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f090212
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f050061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f090211
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f100027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f0302ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textview1 = 0x7f090508
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f090210
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_crossBtn = 0x7f090531
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Reason = 0x7f0e000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/descriptive_ques = 0x7f09020e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/title = 0x7f0302ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option5_layout = 0x7f090368
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/descriptive = 0x7f09020b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0904fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f090208
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f030279
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f030159
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f03021f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f0e000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f06002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/langTV = 0x7f0902d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f090207
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/delete_icon = 0x7f090206
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f090038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/consolidate_divisionTV = 0x7f0901a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_flexGrow = 0x7f0301dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f090434
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f060009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f090203
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day2 = 0x7f0901fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionD = 0x7f09036f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day1 = 0x7f0901f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dateofPayment = 0x7f0901f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date7 = 0x7f0901f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/assigned_by = 0x7f090128
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date1 = 0x7f0901ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/selected = 0x7f09040a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date = 0x7f0901eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f030204
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_phone_filled = 0x7f0700ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/data_layout = 0x7f0901ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dashboard_bottomSheet_crossBtn = 0x7f0901e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f07001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f070008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dashboardViewPager = 0x7f0901e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/email = 0x7f0e00d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pickup_point = 0x7f0e0198
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/customPanel = 0x7f0901e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f030025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bloodgroup = 0x7f09014b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/course_review = 0x7f0c0092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/custom = 0x7f0901e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/currency_spinner = 0x7f0901dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/currencyTV = 0x7f0901dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/crossIcon = 0x7f0901db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/comment = 0x7f090199
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/createdimage = 0x7f0901d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/today = 0x7f0e0212
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/created_by = 0x7f0901d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f030327
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/coursename = 0x7f0901d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_attendance = 0x7f0700e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/exam_rank = 0x7f0e00db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/springMass = 0x7f030293
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/coursehours = 0x7f0901d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/SignInButton = 0x7f100062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dashboard_bottomSheet_header = 0x7f0901e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/CardView = 0x7f0f00c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/rb_login_selected_style = 0x7f07013f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/coursedetail_playbutton = 0x7f0901d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/reportCard = 0x7f0e01bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_closed_book = 0x7f0700c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_sectionTable = 0x7f0901ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/basic_bottom_layout = 0x7f090143
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f030108
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_timeline_activity = 0x7f0c0100
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_section = 0x7f0901cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetailsdescription = 0x7f0901c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetails_courseLearnTV = 0x7f0901bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0e005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_quiz = 0x7f0901bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f0302cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_class = 0x7f0901b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_saturdayList = 0x7f090183
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f03013d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/startEndTime = 0x7f0e01e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f030289
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/correct = 0x7f0901b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_personalDetailsHeaderTV = 0x7f090472
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/coordinator = 0x7f0901b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f0300d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f0901b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f03017e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_paidTV = 0x7f090266
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/themeCyan = 0x7f0500af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f070068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransport_listView = 0x7f090499
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f030253
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/contentPanel = 0x7f0901af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_opd_symptoms = 0x7f090079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_hostelnameTv = 0x7f090068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/takephoto = 0x7f0904f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f0600cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f05002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/profilelinear = 0x7f0903ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/consolidate_text = 0x7f0901a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f06000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f0f0199
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/consolidate_statusTV = 0x7f0901a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f090194
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/consolidate_marks = 0x7f0901a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/consolidate_layout = 0x7f0901a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f0f002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egLegendColor = 0x7f03011e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_exam_result = 0x7f0c0056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f07001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/communicate_recyclerView = 0x7f09019f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/baseActivity_libraryBtn = 0x7f09013d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/communicate_card = 0x7f09019e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/summary = 0x7f0904de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f100017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f03031d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_examlist = 0x7f0c0059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/commentslist = 0x7f09019d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f03016c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/comment_layout = 0x7f09019b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/forgot_password_activity = 0x7f0c00aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_deleteBtn = 0x7f09008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/coursediscount = 0x7f0901d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/commentET = 0x7f09019a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classhost = 0x7f090190
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tint = 0x7f0302fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_attendanceView = 0x7f09049c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classes = 0x7f09018f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fromDate = 0x7f0e00fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classdata = 0x7f09018d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f0301e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_wednesdayList = 0x7f09018c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f0058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/minHeight = 0x7f030213
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f030007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subtopic = 0x7f0904dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/upDuration = 0x7f030320
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/never = 0x7f090347
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f0f010e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/menuIcon = 0x7f090309
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_wednesdayHeader = 0x7f09018b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_tuesdayHeader = 0x7f090189
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_sundayHeader = 0x7f090185
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_examResulTotalTV = 0x7f09047c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/total_ques = 0x7f090523
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f0300d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/list_item_padding_sides = 0x7f0600a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f030176
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_saturdayHeader = 0x7f090182
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/hyperLink = 0x7f05005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_mondayList = 0x7f090181
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/currentAdd_layout = 0x7f0901df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_mathsHeader = 0x7f09017f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f03026b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_fridayList = 0x7f09017d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/courseperformance = 0x7f07008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_englishHeader = 0x7f09017b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header1 = 0x7f090174
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f070064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classSubject_englishList = 0x7f090170
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/checked = 0x7f09016e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gardianRelation = 0x7f0e0102
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f03022c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/checkbox = 0x7f09016d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/chain = 0x7f09016a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_maxHeight = 0x7f0301e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/center_vertical = 0x7f090169
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/decelerate = 0x7f090201
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f03001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/center = 0x7f090167
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f0300ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/category_layout = 0x7f090165
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/vehicleRoute = 0x7f09055e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/category = 0x7f090164
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f050064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/civ_border_width = 0x7f0300a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0171
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/card_view_outer = 0x7f090161
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/outline = 0x7f09037f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/cardViewGraph = 0x7f09015f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f100068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/animateToStart = 0x7f090120
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/cache_measures = 0x7f09015c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeePaidAmtTV = 0x7f09053d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/buttonUploadImage = 0x7f09015a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_rating = 0x7f090112
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/btn_login = 0x7f090155
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/invisible = 0x7f0902c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.IconButton = 0x7f0f01e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feefineTV = 0x7f09044f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/btn_changeUrl_login = 0x7f090154
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f06000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentLeave_fab = 0x7f09045e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bounce = 0x7f090150
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bottomSheet_TV = 0x7f09014d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f0301b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f030313
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/add_leave = 0x7f070055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drag_edge = 0x7f0300fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/media_actions = 0x7f090308
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noLimit = 0x7f0e0152
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/blocking = 0x7f090149
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f090145
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/baseline = 0x7f090141
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fine = 0x7f0e00f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f050082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotificationAdapter_headLayout = 0x7f090464
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/barrier = 0x7f09013c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f0f005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/upload_layout = 0x7f090555
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/splash_logo = 0x7f07014b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bankName = 0x7f090139
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/google_crash_reporting_api_key = 0x7f0e010a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bankAcNo = 0x7f090137
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_circle_size = 0x7f0600e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f0f0154
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/autoComplete = 0x7f090133
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attempt = 0x7f09012d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/assrecyclerview = 0x7f090129
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f0302ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_fineTV = 0x7f090264
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionD_image = 0x7f090370
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/arrow = 0x7f090125
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_report_card_exam_gparesult = 0x7f0c0049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/credit = 0x7f0901da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/documents = 0x7f0e00be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/applied_date = 0x7f090124
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f090010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f030060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/anticipate = 0x7f090123
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/amountTextInputLayout = 0x7f09011e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lang_spinner = 0x7f0902d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/always = 0x7f09011c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_library_book_issued = 0x7f0c0065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rb_Student_fp = 0x7f0903ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f060017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconSize = 0x7f03017f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/all = 0x7f09011a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/admDate = 0x7f090115
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f060032
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/quiz = 0x7f0903bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examList_nameTV = 0x7f0900a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_dialog_todateTV = 0x7f090110
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f030242
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_assignment = 0x7f09010c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/base_activity = 0x7f09013f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f10002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addTask_dialog_titleET = 0x7f09010b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/duration = 0x7f090235
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/list_item = 0x7f0902f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addTask_dialog_header = 0x7f090109
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nameTV = 0x7f090331
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addTask_dialog_calenderIcon = 0x7f090106
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f0302d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day4 = 0x7f0901fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/buy_now_btn = 0x7f09015b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f05008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardian_layout = 0x7f090293
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addLeave_dialog_apply_dateTV = 0x7f090101
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add = 0x7f0900ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionA_image = 0x7f09036a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sectionNameTV = 0x7f090407
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_viewContainer = 0x7f0900fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_tags = 0x7f0900fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentleave_headLayout = 0x7f0900f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/BaseChart = 0x7f100015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentexam_schedule = 0x7f0900f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentdetail_headLayout = 0x7f0900f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_teacher_nameHeader = 0x7f0900f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f060047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_task_taskIcon = 0x7f0900f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_subject = 0x7f0900e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f030051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primaryTextColourLight = 0x7f05008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_task_taskDesc = 0x7f0900ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/all = 0x7f0e0034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/commentreq = 0x7f0e007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/subject_detail_dialog = 0x7f0c0105
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f0f0109
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_distance = 0x7f090061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_task_TaskNameTV = 0x7f0900ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/cbesetimetable = 0x7f090166
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f050059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/not_answer = 0x7f090354
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_staffname = 0x7f0900e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f0f0168
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_profile_value = 0x7f0900e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_profile_head = 0x7f0900e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f030189
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f060096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/baseActivity_taskBtn = 0x7f09013e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f0f00b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_onlineexam_name = 0x7f0900e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/addassignmentheading = 0x7f0e002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/showTitle = 0x7f090414
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_qtyTV = 0x7f0900de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_feenameTV = 0x7f090450
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f030206
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f060070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_publisherNameTV = 0x7f0900dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_evaluationDateHeadTV = 0x7f0900c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f0302bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/corner = 0x7f070088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_priceTV = 0x7f0900dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_detailView = 0x7f0900d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_bookNameTV = 0x7f0900d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f06004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_teacher = 0x7f0900f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0500a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_authorNameTV = 0x7f0900d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f0f00af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0500b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBookIssued_returnDateTV = 0x7f0900d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_home = 0x7f090336
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBookIssue_authorNameTV = 0x7f0900d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f03003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_joinclass = 0x7f0900ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/triggerId = 0x7f03031c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f090402
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/constraint = 0x7f0901aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_subjectNameTV = 0x7f0900e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_hostelDetail_roomTypeTV = 0x7f0900cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/app_icon = 0x7f070056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_hostelDetail_bednoTV = 0x7f0900ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionBar_logo = 0x7f090044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_viewContainer = 0x7f0900c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rating = 0x7f0903c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_uploadBtn = 0x7f0900c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_discountTV = 0x7f090263
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_subjectNameTV = 0x7f0900c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f09020f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/PieChart = 0x7f100059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_vehicleNo = 0x7f090538
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_subjectLayout = 0x7f0900c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f060025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_summeryIndicator = 0x7f0904b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_statusTV = 0x7f0900c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_headLayout = 0x7f0900c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseLearnheading = 0x7f0901c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f0070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_evaluatedByTV = 0x7f0900bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_classtimetable = 0x7f0c0051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f040002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_downloadBtn = 0x7f0900bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_dateLayout = 0x7f0900ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_class = 0x7f0900b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f030080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_paymentDate = 0x7f0900ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/coursepage = 0x7f07008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeefineTV = 0x7f09053e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_timeTV = 0x7f0900ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/upload_homework = 0x7f0e0226
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pending_status_layout = 0x7f090396
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/outtime = 0x7f0e0173
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/mock_label = 0x7f030216
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f0302cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attendence_date = 0x7f090131
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_max = 0x7f0900a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f030228
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f09004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f03007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_CreditHours = 0x7f0900a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f060092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/guardian = 0x7f0e010f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fridayNoData = 0x7f090279
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ifscCode = 0x7f0902ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_documents_fileNameTV = 0x7f09009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f0f01e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0904d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_documents_documentNameTV = 0x7f09009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentLiveclass_listview = 0x7f090460
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_description = 0x7f09009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f050048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_lesson_nameTV = 0x7f0900d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f030006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_pendingTaskView_icon = 0x7f0904a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/logo = 0x7f030205
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_classTimetable_syllabusTV = 0x7f090098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f030322
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/unchecked = 0x7f09054d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/webview_layout = 0x7f090578
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_subtitleTV = 0x7f090093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/taskAndEvents = 0x7f0e01ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_horizontalline = 0x7f090091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f03008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_editBtn = 0x7f090090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_hours = 0x7f0901b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/snap = 0x7f09041b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f0f0113
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_dateTV = 0x7f09008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f07000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_roomnoTV = 0x7f09008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f090220
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/driverLicence = 0x7f090232
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/savecurrency = 0x7f0903f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_amtfineTV = 0x7f09025e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courseLearn = 0x7f0e0098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examList_gradeTV = 0x7f090080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/save_scale_type = 0x7f0903ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examList_gradeHeaderTV = 0x7f09007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_pickuptime = 0x7f09007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_pickuppoint = 0x7f09007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_opd_no = 0x7f090077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_opd_date = 0x7f090075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_b_value = 0x7f090376
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_ipd_refrenceIcon = 0x7f090071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f100071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/touch_outside = 0x7f090529
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_outtimeTV = 0x7f09006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_rightarrow = 0x7f07010a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_idcardTV = 0x7f090069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_lines_media = 0x7f0c00d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mini = 0x7f09030c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_personalDetailsHeader = 0x7f090471
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_nameTV = 0x7f090018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f0600bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/exam = 0x7f09024c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0302a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f0f01a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f090419
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f050085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_evaluationDateHeadTV = 0x7f090065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/applyleave = 0x7f0e0042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_editBtn = 0x7f090063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f060084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_feesDetail_paymentNoteTV = 0x7f0900b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_downloadBtn = 0x7f090062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customDimension = 0x7f0300e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time.Media = 0x7f0f0123
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_chat = 0x7f0c0050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_deleteBtn = 0x7f09005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_media = 0x7f0c00d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f09005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/constraintLayout = 0x7f0901ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f090058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_image = 0x7f090053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/button_text_color = 0x7f07006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/durationTV = 0x7f090236
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f0f0130
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/videoDetailsdescription = 0x7f090562
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f070029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f06003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_month_margin_bottom = 0x7f0600e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_divider = 0x7f090052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feesAdapter_payBtn = 0x7f09025b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f090051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f0f0089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f09004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f0e0113
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rb_Parent_fp = 0x7f0903c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/blood_layout = 0x7f09014a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar = 0x7f090049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/duration = 0x7f0e00ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f0f0193
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/free = 0x7f0e00f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/card_view_inner = 0x7f090160
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/examgreen = 0x7f050051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionUp = 0x7f090048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f06006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionBar_title = 0x7f090045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fail = 0x7f0e00e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f030201
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_examlist = 0x7f0c002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionBarSecondary = 0x7f090042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionBar = 0x7f090041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f100006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textview2 = 0x7f090509
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/nationalIdNo = 0x7f0e014c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f09003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/liveclasspage = 0x7f070120
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/studyMaterial = 0x7f0e01ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f09003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f09003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/smallLabel = 0x7f090418
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f09003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/url = 0x7f070159
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f090039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/curriculum_layout = 0x7f0901e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/completed = 0x7f0901a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f03017d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/presentation = 0x7f0e019d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f090034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/timetablepage = 0x7f070153
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f090033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_circle_4 = 0x7f05009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_sectionnameHeader = 0x7f0901cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mondaylayout = 0x7f090312
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f090031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f09002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f09002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f030061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f09002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_guardianHead = 0x7f0904c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f0302d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0600aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_signin_button_text_long = 0x7f0e008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f05000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f090029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_detailsBtn = 0x7f0900bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f090026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gender = 0x7f09027e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionBar_backBtn = 0x7f090043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/elearning_recyclerView = 0x7f09023e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f090025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f030306
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f050055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/LoadingImageView = 0x7f100046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f090024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f060046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/neg_marks = 0x7f090343
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f090022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/webView = 0x7f090576
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_report_card_exam_result = 0x7f0c004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f090021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_lessonplan = 0x7f0700e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f0f0040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f09001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/menu = 0x7f030211
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f10002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f03029f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/false_value = 0x7f090252
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_sessionMonthTV = 0x7f09001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_schoolCodeTV = 0x7f09001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_logoIV = 0x7f090016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f0f0189
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBookIssued_duereturnDateTV = 0x7f0900d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_summeryLayout = 0x7f0904b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/SYM = 0x7f090011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/half_f = 0x7f0e0111
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/green_border = 0x7f0700a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f09002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0600b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransportAdapter_vehicleIcon = 0x7f090496
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_onlinecourse = 0x7f0700fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/empty_divider = 0x7f07009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f09000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/createNewTask = 0x7f0e00a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f0903ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/SHIFT = 0x7f09000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f06007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Percentage = 0x7f09000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f09000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/META = 0x7f090009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/attachment_detail_dialog = 0x7f0c0085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_bottomSheet_crossBtn = 0x7f0902f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout3 = 0x7f0902d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Caste_layout = 0x7f090004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f090135
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/CTRL = 0x7f090003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/quiz_questions = 0x7f0c00dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/yellow_curve_border = 0x7f07015f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/yellow_curve = 0x7f07015e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f030193
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/yellow_border = 0x7f07015d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f03031f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_createddate = 0x7f0901c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/transport_page = 0x7f070156
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f070154
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f0301a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal = 0x7f070078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_course_detail = 0x7f0c002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/x_left = 0x7f090586
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_balance = 0x7f09025f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f0301cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f070151
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/syllabusstatuspage = 0x7f07014e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/leftButton = 0x7f0902e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/settingpage = 0x7f070149
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/forgotPassword = 0x7f0e00f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/withText = 0x7f090580
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/image = 0x7f0902be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_visitor_book = 0x7f0c003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f060015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customReference = 0x7f0300e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/timelinepage = 0x7f070152
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/rounded_square = 0x7f070147
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f0f0110
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background = 0x7f07007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/round_grey = 0x7f070145
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/red_curve_border = 0x7f070142
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f0f011a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/red_button = 0x7f070141
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/red_border = 0x7f070140
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_subject_type = 0x7f07010d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/play_button = 0x7f07013b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f0f00a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parent = 0x7f090384
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/placeholder_user = 0x7f07013a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f03029a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/online_logo = 0x7f070136
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nested_scroll = 0x7f090346
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f070134
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/others = 0x7f0e0172
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_dialog_fromdateTV = 0x7f09010e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees = 0x7f090258
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f07012c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_delete = 0x7f0700cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/student = 0x7f0e01ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f07012b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f050045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addTask_dialog_dateTV = 0x7f090108
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f070128
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examList_totalTV = 0x7f090084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f070000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/noticepage = 0x7f070127
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/color = 0x7f0300b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f070125
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f0302e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_exam_schedule = 0x7f0c0057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f060011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/money = 0x7f070122
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f06001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/key = 0x7f07011b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_web_yellow = 0x7f070117
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_teacher = 0x7f070111
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/next = 0x7f0e014e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ignore = 0x7f0902bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/arcMode = 0x7f030031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/icon = 0x7f03017b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_down_arrow = 0x7f0700cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/button_material_light = 0x7f050029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_syllabus = 0x7f07010f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_subtract_black = 0x7f07010e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_documents_fileLayout = 0x7f09009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f03008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egLegendHeight = 0x7f03011f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f050071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_subject = 0x7f07010c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_publisher = 0x7f070106
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_media_custom = 0x7f0c00d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_play_icon = 0x7f070103
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f100000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_plate = 0x7f090404
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f0f0038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_subject_atten = 0x7f0c006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotificationAdapter_dateTV = 0x7f090463
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hourlayout = 0x7f0902b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/upload_file = 0x7f070157
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_online_exams = 0x7f0700fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f0301b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_navigate_next = 0x7f0700f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_hostel = 0x7f0700ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f06005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_fees = 0x7f0700ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/saturation = 0x7f030272
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f030335
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f030078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_motherContact = 0x7f0904c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/src_atop = 0x7f090428
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f07012f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_dashboard_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0c00ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f0700e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_info = 0x7f0700de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tabMode = 0x7f0904e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_hostel = 0x7f0700dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/upload_homework_new = 0x7f0c010b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal = 0x7f070086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f0302c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_file_download = 0x7f0700d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f07012d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f015f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_startlesson = 0x7f0901d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/descriptive_layout = 0x7f09020d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/total_exam_marks = 0x7f0e0215
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_email_filled = 0x7f0700d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/upcomingexam = 0x7f0e0222
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/cbse_timetable_adapter = 0x7f0c008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_description = 0x7f0700cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/prev_know = 0x7f0e019e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f0903fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_dashboard_homework = 0x7f0700ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f03002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f09033e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/generalobjective = 0x7f090280
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f070040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f05000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_day_of_week_font = 0x7f0600e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f0300e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f10003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/average_layout = 0x7f090136
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/cos = 0x7f0901b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/noofquestion = 0x7f0e0158
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0600c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_back = 0x7f0700bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/vehicleModel = 0x7f0e0232
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egUseLeftFiller = 0x7f03012a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/green = 0x7f050056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wednesdayNoData = 0x7f09057a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f030139
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day6 = 0x7f0901fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f0301b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/completedlesson_count = 0x7f0901a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/hostelpage = 0x7f0700b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/list_item_height = 0x7f0600a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/cbse_exam_adapter = 0x7f0c0089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/homeworkpage = 0x7f0700b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f0f0108
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transition_position = 0x7f09052e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f100057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attachmentdetail = 0x7f09012c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/half_circle_left = 0x7f0700b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_onlinequiz_result = 0x7f0c0068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f0f01e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f0f019b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f06003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/grey_right_tabs = 0x7f0700af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f0f015d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f090193
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f0301c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_ipd_consultantIcon = 0x7f090070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/grey_outline = 0x7f0700ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/contact_layout = 0x7f0901ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f070135
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/linearlayout = 0x7f0902ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/addleaveheading = 0x7f0e002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/grey_left_tabs = 0x7f0700ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f100072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_qrcodeHeader = 0x7f090475
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moptione = 0x7f090325
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_transition = 0x7f09056c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/duereturnDate = 0x7f0e00c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f0302a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_dashboard_attendance = 0x7f0700c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/answer_limit = 0x7f090121
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_cbsetimetable = 0x7f0c001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f03023a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f05006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/general_obj = 0x7f0e0105
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hostelRoomNo = 0x7f0e011f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/applyLang = 0x7f0e0041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c00d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_place_black = 0x7f070102
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_view = 0x7f070115
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/googleg_standard_color_18 = 0x7f0700a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_homework = 0x7f0904a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_viewBtn = 0x7f090458
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f030144
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f07000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/activity_vertical_margin = 0x7f060052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/square = 0x7f090427
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_colored_item_tint = 0x7f05006a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_transport_vehicle = 0x7f0c0078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f030233
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_notification = 0x7f0c0067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/googleg_disabled_color_18 = 0x7f0700a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/youtube_icon = 0x7f070161
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0904ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/edittext_stlye = 0x7f07009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_add_black = 0x7f0700b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_calender_cross = 0x7f0700c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/icon_only = 0x7f0902b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_noofbedTV = 0x7f09006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/not_attempt = 0x7f0e015b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/videothumnail = 0x7f090565
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/statusdate = 0x7f090437
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f070095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/question = 0x7f0e01ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_container = 0x7f090050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f09035b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f070093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostelRoomNo_layout = 0x7f0902aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f050078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_update_button = 0x7f0e0086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0500ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f0f00bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f10006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/colorAccent = 0x7f05002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/design_bottom_navigation_item_background = 0x7f070091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f0f01cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f03018d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/demo2 = 0x7f070090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/startexam = 0x7f0e01e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/demo = 0x7f07008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0165
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_dialog_submitBtn = 0x7f09010f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f0f01da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled = 0x7f070083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f090122
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_circle_5 = 0x7f05009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal = 0x7f070081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f070080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused = 0x7f07007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f030339
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f0302d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f050041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background = 0x7f070079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_dateTV = 0x7f0900a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionE = 0x7f090371
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark = 0x7f070076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f06006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/showDividers = 0x7f030281
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f030136
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_full_open_on_phone = 0x7f070075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f06003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f0f001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f07001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dragUp = 0x7f090227
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f0f013a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f060066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/check_mark = 0x7f070070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f0046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/reportCard_examResult = 0x7f0903d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_description = 0x7f090060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_dashboard_fragment = 0x7f0c00ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f06004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_a_image = 0x7f090317
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f100069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f0302c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f090245
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/badge_greenbackground = 0x7f07005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f070054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/base_menu_items = 0x7f0c0087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f030287
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f070053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f070047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f0f0091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f070045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/add_dialog_apply_dateTV = 0x7f09010d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_visitors = 0x7f070116
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f070044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gallery = 0x7f09027d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_download = 0x7f0700ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f0e0181
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f050013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/targetId = 0x7f0302c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f10005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f03005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f070033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/toTime = 0x7f0e0211
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egBarWidth = 0x7f030112
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f03014a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f070041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f0f013d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/edittask = 0x7f0e00cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/grey_curve_border = 0x7f0700ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f07002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f050060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostelRoomNo = 0x7f0902a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f0f00c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f03014f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f050006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f030037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetails_review = 0x7f0901c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_other_list = 0x7f0c00b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f06006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentamountError = 0x7f0e018b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/middle = 0x7f09030b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f070014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f07000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f100056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f0f01aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentexam_result = 0x7f0900f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f07000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f0301a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/background_material_light = 0x7f050021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dragScale = 0x7f0300fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f070005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f03013f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0301fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/brightness = 0x7f03005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f030001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_min = 0x7f0900a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentHostel_viewBtn = 0x7f09008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f090037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/examgreen_left_tabs = 0x7f07009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f0301a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f070002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/img_login_background = 0x7f07011a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f06009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f070012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f0f019d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f070001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f0301b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/bottom_img = 0x7f070062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_fullscreen_open = 0x7f0700db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0600f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f06006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_logout = 0x7f0700ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/select = 0x7f090408
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f03013a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Lesson = 0x7f0e0005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f0600ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/start = 0x7f09042d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f03018f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/subtitle_shadow_radius = 0x7f0600ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dimensions = 0x7f090215
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/qrcode_layout = 0x7f0c00d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/subtitle_shadow_offset = 0x7f0600eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f050068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f050065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f090403
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/startdate_slider = 0x7f090431
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/startlessonheading = 0x7f0e01e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/subtitle_corner_radius = 0x7f0600e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionC_image = 0x7f09036e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_day_of_the_month_background_size = 0x7f0600e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f0600de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f070003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f0600dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/examgreen_right_tabs = 0x7f07009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f0f000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/monday = 0x7f0e0146
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f0600d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/iconColours = 0x7f05005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f03010c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f06004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_subjectType = 0x7f090486
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f0600d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/civ_circle_background_color = 0x7f0300a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adjust_height = 0x7f090113
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f00d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/elearning = 0x7f0e00d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/processfeeheading = 0x7f0e01a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f100004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/waveShape = 0x7f03032e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f090406
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f070129
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f0301c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentHomework_listview = 0x7f09045a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_padding_end = 0x7f0600cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/amount = 0x7f09011d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f030222
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0600c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c00c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0600c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/stop = 0x7f090438
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f07004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f030247
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f0600bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f100035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f014d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f0301e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f0600b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/starttime = 0x7f0e01e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/ratings = 0x7f0e01b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f070019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f0301ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0600b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f030301
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f0f01d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f060037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examto = 0x7f0e00e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f0600b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f05008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/view = 0x7f0e0238
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f0600a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f050015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f100021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dob = 0x7f09021b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f0600ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/add_assignment = 0x7f0c007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f0302ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0600a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/crossfade = 0x7f0300de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f030071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f0f01cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0600a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f0600db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f050002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/goIcon = 0x7f03016b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f030104
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0600f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/total_quest = 0x7f090524
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/caste = 0x7f090163
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egCurveSmoothness = 0x7f030113
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f060068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f030174
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egUseOverlapFill = 0x7f03012b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f0301f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/heading = 0x7f060095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f0f003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f030098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f060093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f07005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f0f0031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f0f0148
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/userPasswordHint = 0x7f0e022b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f060087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f0f00ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0600c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_file_save = 0x7f0c0020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/feespage = 0x7f0700a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/blue_curve_border = 0x7f070061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f05000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f060083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f070009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f02000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addTask_dialog_crossIcon = 0x7f090107
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f060029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f06007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f0f00fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f050095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/behavioureport = 0x7f0e0056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/forever = 0x7f090272
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f060007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egXAxisStroke = 0x7f03012c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f06007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f06007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_open_book = 0x7f0700fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f0f00a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_downloadcenter = 0x7f0700d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_online_exam_result = 0x7f0c0034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_evaluatedByTV = 0x7f0904af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f0302ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f030107
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f06006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f060065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f03010b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f07002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f060062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/cart_list_item = 0x7f0c0088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f060061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f0301ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/profileViewPager = 0x7f0903ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_transportfeesLay = 0x7f090457
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f06005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f0f00bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/card_bottom = 0x7f060055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/videoViewContainer = 0x7f090564
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/appbar_padding_top = 0x7f060053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/answer = 0x7f0e0038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f0300ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/costperbed = 0x7f0e0095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f03032a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/roomno3 = 0x7f0903e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/submissionDate = 0x7f0e01f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f060010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f030082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_clipboard_filled = 0x7f0700c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f030229
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/activity_horizontal_margin = 0x7f060051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f030086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f060049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f0f01c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f060043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/thumbnail = 0x7f09050c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f060042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_gmeet_joinclass = 0x7f0900b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f06003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/defaultState = 0x7f0300ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f030131
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f060036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addLeave_dialog_apply_dateBtn = 0x7f090100
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f06002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f0f005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f06002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f030152
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/standard = 0x7f09042c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f03022a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/submit_success = 0x7f0e01f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f030207
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f0f00f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f0300f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f06002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_home_black_24dp = 0x7f0700dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f030068
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f030004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/score_per = 0x7f0e01d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fixed = 0x7f090270
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f060023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/chains = 0x7f09016c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f06001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f050050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/behaviourscore = 0x7f090147
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MaterialComponentsTheme = 0x7f100049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f06001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gardianName = 0x7f0e00ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f030018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0300af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f06001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f030027
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f06001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f100058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/eyehide = 0x7f0700a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f050030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f0300e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f060016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f03000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f0600c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f050069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f0f008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/divider = 0x7f0300f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f0302da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0179
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f03030b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0c0094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_layout = 0x7f0902fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_indicator = 0x7f090229
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_bottom_offset = 0x7f0600c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f100067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0300ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_error = 0x7f050040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f060035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f100007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_examResultNameTV = 0x7f09047e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/permanentAdd = 0x7f0e0195
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/height_layout = 0x7f09029f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/MarksObtained = 0x7f0e0007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f030249
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f06000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f0043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egAxisTextColor = 0x7f03010f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal = 0x7f07007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/downloadCenter = 0x7f0e00c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f06000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/datefrom = 0x7f0901f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f060008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f030011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f090047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f060000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_classTV = 0x7f09046f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egAnimationTime = 0x7f03010e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_arrow_left = 0x7f0700b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/addfile = 0x7f0e002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/heading_layout = 0x7f09029c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f0f01c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f060006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f0f009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/wrong = 0x7f0500b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f030079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0500aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bottom_panel = 0x7f09014e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_circle_1 = 0x7f050098
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/validateurl = 0x7f0e0231
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f0301af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f090515
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f03003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f06008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_reportcard = 0x7f0700f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bounceStart = 0x7f090153
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f050090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f030167
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/multiplechoice_layout = 0x7f09032d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_discountLay = 0x7f090447
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f05008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/primaryTextColour = 0x7f050089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/et_password_login = 0x7f090248
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_events = 0x7f0700d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f030271
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/coursethumnail = 0x7f0901d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examresult = 0x7f0e00e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f070092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f0f009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lay_down = 0x7f0902d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused = 0x7f070077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f05001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f05007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/examname_outline = 0x7f0700a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/assigned = 0x7f0e0045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f030221
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f060001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/overlay = 0x7f03023c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeeDueAmtTV = 0x7f09053b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_location = 0x7f0700e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/driverContact = 0x7f090230
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraints = 0x7f0300c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f0600ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f030338
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f030148
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f03004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/button_style_accent = 0x7f07006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pendingtaskheading = 0x7f0e0193
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_libraryBook_postDateTV = 0x7f0900db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f0300e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f03004a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f0f015c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_transport = 0x7f0700f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0904f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f10005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_item_tint = 0x7f05006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f050066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f030096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f05005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f0e000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/grey = 0x7f050057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_classTimetable_timeTV = 0x7f090099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/fontPrimary = 0x7f050053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_price = 0x7f0901bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/examgrey = 0x7f050052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/other_card = 0x7f09037d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/maxmarks = 0x7f090307
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f05003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/about_emailTV = 0x7f090015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/drawerIndicatorColour = 0x7f05004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f030157
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f03018e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f05004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f05004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f050043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f050042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subject2 = 0x7f0904d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f10004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotification_bottomSheet_descTV = 0x7f090469
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/correct = 0x7f05003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/motherOcc = 0x7f0e0149
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/applied = 0x7f0e003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled = 0x7f050038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/purpose = 0x7f0e01aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f0f012c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_foreground = 0x7f09056a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f050034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_navigate_previous = 0x7f0700f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled = 0x7f050033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f030160
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f05002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f030241
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f05002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f050028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_wrapBefore = 0x7f0301f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/phone = 0x7f0e0197
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include_material = 0x7f0c009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_day_of_the_month_font = 0x7f0600e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/publisher = 0x7f0e01a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f050018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f0301be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/previous = 0x7f0903a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f0301b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f050014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f050012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f050011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f05000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_videocam = 0x7f070114
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/parentsDetails = 0x7f0e0177
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f030014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f05001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f050005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f040001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f030336
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/comment = 0x7f0e007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f070085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f060031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f030076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f0300cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paid = 0x7f0e0174
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f030334
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/alpha = 0x7f03002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_folder_shared = 0x7f0700da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0500a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/icon_password_login = 0x7f0902b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/onlineexampage = 0x7f070137
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f030332
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f030239
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f030330
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f03032d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/payFees = 0x7f0e0183
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_titlename = 0x7f0900f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_homeworkView_icon = 0x7f0904a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f030328
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f030326
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/chain2 = 0x7f09016b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f03004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f030325
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f060079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/editleave = 0x7f0e00cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f030324
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f100031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examSchedule = 0x7f0e00da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/total_descriptive = 0x7f090522
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tabs = 0x7f0904e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_fatherHead = 0x7f0904bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f0f0119
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/end_padder = 0x7f090242
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f030321
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02000d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f03030e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f03031e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_profile_plus = 0x7f070105
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/taskTitle = 0x7f0e0200
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f06005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/text = 0x7f0904fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f03022d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f06000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f0600d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f03014e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentAdapter_vehicleTable = 0x7f09043d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f030316
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light = 0x7f07007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/topEdgeSwipeOffset = 0x7f030310
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/incomplete = 0x7f0e0125
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/progressBar = 0x7f0903af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionB = 0x7f09036b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f0f0162
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f03030c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f030177
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f060024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f03006e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f03023b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f070013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f030087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f050044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f090218
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/holiday_h = 0x7f0e0116
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f030190
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f0f002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f030308
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f070018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Approve = 0x7f0e0001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f030305
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f030149
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f030303
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f0600c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentExamSchedule_examListview = 0x7f090440
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/modulename = 0x7f090310
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egScalingFactor = 0x7f030123
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/save = 0x7f0e01cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f030273
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f030300
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f0f00f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tintMode = 0x7f0302fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f0302fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tickMark = 0x7f0302fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_bottomSheet_header = 0x7f090261
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f0302f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f100060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_homeworkDateTV = 0x7f0904b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f03013b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f0302f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/thickness = 0x7f0302f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/Transition = 0x7f100074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classsection = 0x7f090191
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/theme = 0x7f0302f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/ok = 0x7f0e0168
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/comprehensive = 0x7f0901a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f0302f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f06008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f090030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/intime = 0x7f0e0128
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_down_arrow_blue = 0x7f0700d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f0f00d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f0302f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f060004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0302f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f100054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f0600d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textPanY = 0x7f0302ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f0302df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ValueLineChart = 0x7f100075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header4 = 0x7f090177
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_calender = 0x7f0700c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f0f010c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f05000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_tasks = 0x7f0c0071
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f0302ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f03000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0500a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f0301de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textLocale = 0x7f0302eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f0302aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f05003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f0300c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_purposeTV = 0x7f09007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_live_classes = 0x7f0c002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f030102
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f0302e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textBackground = 0x7f0302e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f0302dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f05003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f030226
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f0302db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/validatelogintype = 0x7f0e022f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_opd_reference = 0x7f090078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sundaylayout = 0x7f0904e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/alertTitle = 0x7f090118
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/subtitle_outline_width = 0x7f0600ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f030000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f0f01ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f030033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f10002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_lesson_detailsBtn = 0x7f0901c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imageAspectRatioAdjust = 0x7f030187
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/savecomment = 0x7f0903f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_plus_white = 0x7f070104
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f050062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f030276
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f030246
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f0302c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/app_name = 0x7f0e003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f0302bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0300a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f0302ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f0302b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/version_name = 0x7f090560
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/datefrom = 0x7f0e00ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/valid_upto = 0x7f09055a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ratio = 0x7f0903c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f030269
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/triangle = 0x7f090543
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f0302b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_createdByTV = 0x7f0904ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f0302b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportfeeAmtTV = 0x7f09053a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f09002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f0f008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/baseline_receipt = 0x7f070060
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/timeTable = 0x7f0e0209
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f070030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f060063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:font/font = 0x7f080000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onHide = 0x7f030235
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/review = 0x7f0903d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f03027b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_teacher_new = 0x7f0c0074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_attendance_head = 0x7f09049e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f0f00e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f0302a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f0302a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/online_exam_question = 0x7f0c00d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_exam_schedule_exam_list = 0x7f0c0058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/language = 0x7f07011c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f09056f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/otherDetails = 0x7f0e0170
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/onlineexam = 0x7f0e016c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f0302a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_arrow_right = 0x7f0700b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wrong = 0x7f090584
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f0301cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/subtitle = 0x7f0302a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f03029c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fees_headTV = 0x7f090265
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dates = 0x7f0901f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f030200
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/secondaryText = 0x7f0600e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f0301ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examResult_passingmarksTV = 0x7f090086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f050063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f0600cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f030295
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Documents = 0x7f0e0004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f030091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/uploadfile = 0x7f070158
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f030219
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f0301a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostel_bottomSheet_header = 0x7f0902ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f060018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_totalfeesTV = 0x7f090456
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f0f0005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/springDamping = 0x7f030292
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/paymentdate = 0x7f090393
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/review_layout = 0x7f0903d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f0f016f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/green_button = 0x7f0700a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/scopeUris = 0x7f030274
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f03016a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/noanswer_count = 0x7f09034e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/show_mode = 0x7f030286
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f03028e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/enddate_slider = 0x7f090243
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/percentY = 0x7f03024e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f030297
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/west = 0x7f09057e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f060045
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f070022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_roomtypeTV = 0x7f09008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f03023e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/none = 0x7f090351
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f0302c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/no = 0x7f0e014f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/lastupdated = 0x7f0e012f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_studentDetailsTV = 0x7f09022c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/late_l = 0x7f0e0131
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f03015e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egShowDecimal = 0x7f030124
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/custom_tab = 0x7f0c0095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_evluationDateTV = 0x7f090066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_scienceList = 0x7f090184
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/showTitle = 0x7f030285
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0300aa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_opd_nameView = 0x7f090076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f03020c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f0600ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/methodName = 0x7f030212
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f0302ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f0302e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f030194
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f030197
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f03008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f03027c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f0f016a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f03028a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f0300be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f03005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/yellow = 0x7f0500b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f030278
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f0f00e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f030277
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f03022b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f090057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title.Media = 0x7f0f0125
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/rightEdgeSwipeOffset = 0x7f03026d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_report_card_exam_list = 0x7f090089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_file_upload = 0x7f0700d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f03026a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransportAdapter_nameHeader = 0x7f090494
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f030263
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/toolbar = 0x7f09051b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background = 0x7f070082
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f030262
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f030199
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f0302a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentPaid = 0x7f0e018a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f060089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/btn_submit_fp = 0x7f090156
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/online_payment = 0x7f0e016a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f0301e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_detailView = 0x7f09006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f0301ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/offlinepaymentheading = 0x7f0e0167
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f050019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_subjectTV = 0x7f0900ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f03025a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f030259
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f10000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/driverContact_layout = 0x7f090231
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f030257
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/min = 0x7f0e0143
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_student_profile_parents = 0x7f0c00bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examList_statusTV = 0x7f090083
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/incorrect = 0x7f0e0127
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f030255
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f0302b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f0f00f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f060059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/updateDateTV = 0x7f090552
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f070096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f030153
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f0f002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examination = 0x7f0e00de
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f03015a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f030250
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_e_value = 0x7f09037c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f060020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f03006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bankAcNo = 0x7f0e0051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0301f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/lesson = 0x7f0902e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f030105
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/yellow_select = 0x7f070160
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/spanCount = 0x7f03028c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f03024f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f03024c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f070155
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f030299
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f0f0042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f03017a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_course_performance = 0x7f0c002b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_padding = 0x7f0600e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f030245
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f03010d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/swipe_layout = 0x7f0904e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f030243
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tabImageView = 0x7f0904e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/rating = 0x7f0e01b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/status_bar_latest_event_content = 0x7f090436
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0145
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f030198
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/spinBars = 0x7f03028d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_b_image = 0x7f090319
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f06004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f0f011f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f05001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f03023f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f03001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f050009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_onlineexam_viewresult = 0x7f0900e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f0f01b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/path_percent = 0x7f03024a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f0f00ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f0301b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f030044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_signin_button_text = 0x7f0e008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f060030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f090054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0301ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f0300fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f030230
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wednesdaylayout = 0x7f09057b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f030005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f03022f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f03022e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f030002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cbsetimetableheading = 0x7f0e006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f0300eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f030223
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f030048
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/remark = 0x7f0e01bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adjust_width = 0x7f090114
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/CheckBox = 0x7f090005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f0904e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f030043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f0300d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0500b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f0f0080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_createdby = 0x7f0901c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/amount = 0x7f0e0035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/Awaited = 0x7f0e0002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f03007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f03027a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f03001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/backgroundColour = 0x7f05001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f06008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f090574
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/startVertical = 0x7f090430
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f0f0013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f0302b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f030265
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/syllabus = 0x7f0e01f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gmeet_class_host = 0x7f090283
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f030224
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default = 0x7f050037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f03030d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f03007c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f0f0116
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/staff = 0x7f0e01e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f030227
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f0301cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f03009c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_qrcodeIV = 0x7f090476
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f03021e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f03021c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f03021a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f030103
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/leavepage = 0x7f07011d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f030217
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_task_checkbox = 0x7f0900ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examresultheading = 0x7f0e00e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f0302d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f090197
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f050079
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f03019c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_order = 0x7f0301ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f10001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f0302d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0903b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f030210
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/whatsapp = 0x7f07015b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f03025d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f030163
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f03025b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feescode_layout = 0x7f090268
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egInnerPaddingOutline = 0x7f030119
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f016d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_profile = 0x7f090339
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background = 0x7f070087
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f03020d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f050031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f03020a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/round = 0x7f030270
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f090423
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f030172
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f030209
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f030208
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/cbse_subject_list = 0x7f0c008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/on = 0x7f09035e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/collapsing_toolbar = 0x7f090198
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f060085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_classTimetable_subjectTV = 0x7f090097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f0301c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f100055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f0f00a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/green_curve_border = 0x7f0700a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/user_list = 0x7f090559
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f10003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f0f0076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f0300ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotice_listview = 0x7f090461
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_chat_username = 0x7f090095
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f0301d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f0302c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f030202
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_ring_size = 0x7f0600e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_applyleave = 0x7f0c004e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date2 = 0x7f0901ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0300b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/activity_student_online_exam_questions = 0x7f0c0033
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0301fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/fab_margin = 0x7f060091
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f030218
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f0f0185
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/easeInOut = 0x7f090238
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0301fa
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egOpenClockwise = 0x7f030122
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f0f0195
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_fatherImage = 0x7f0904bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f050004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f0302f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f0301f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_month_arrow = 0x7f0500a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f0302c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moptiona = 0x7f090321
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f030275
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Time = 0x7f090012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f070049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_minHeight = 0x7f0301ea
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f0301e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f030008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/track = 0x7f030314
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_c_image = 0x7f09031b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f0300d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_unsupported_text = 0x7f0e0085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f0301e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/present = 0x7f0e019b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f030203
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f0f01af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/AppTheme.PopupOverlay = 0x7f0f0008
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f070004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f0301e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_background = 0x7f050097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/no_data = 0x7f070126
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f0301df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/correct_count = 0x7f0901b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f0301d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/list_row = 0x7f0c00c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f030056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f06002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f030064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f0301d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_documents_downloadBtn = 0x7f09009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f0302a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_fatherName = 0x7f0904be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f0f01a4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/wrap = 0x7f090581
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f05007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f030164
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f0301d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f0301d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f0f01b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f030256
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f0300bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f030041
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bankpayment = 0x7f0e0053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f0302d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f060019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout_urlET_takeUrl = 0x7f0902dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f0600ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/shadowfile = 0x7f07014a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f030090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f0301c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_lock_filled = 0x7f0700e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nextweek = 0x7f09034c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0903d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/rb_login_default_style = 0x7f07013e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f0301c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f0300f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/daily_assignment_activity = 0x7f0c0096
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f070007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/curveFit = 0x7f0300e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f03018a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f0f00fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f03012f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f0301c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f0302e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_enable_title = 0x7f0e007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/textHeading = 0x7f0500ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tuesdayNoData = 0x7f090548
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f0301c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f03000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/coursePayment = 0x7f0e009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f0301bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f0300cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0301f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_notice = 0x7f0700f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f0f008c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f030173
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f050046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f0e0018
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f050010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f0301bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/gradepoint = 0x7f0e010d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f0300f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transportRoute_bottomSheet_driverContact = 0x7f090532
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f030161
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onShow = 0x7f030238
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_teacherPhoneIconIV = 0x7f09048b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egEmptyDataText = 0x7f030114
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_d = 0x7f090379
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f05000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f0300c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/daysContainer = 0x7f090200
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/leftEdgeSwipeOffset = 0x7f0301f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/topics = 0x7f0e0214
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f03032b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/teacher_ImageIV = 0x7f0904f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f030154
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f0300c0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_dashboard_pandingtask = 0x7f0700cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_examList_nameHeader = 0x7f0900a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/style_button = 0x7f07014c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f030062
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f030021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f030133
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_switchChildBtn = 0x7f09022d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f03012e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f0301bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/card_start = 0x7f060057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/listMode = 0x7f0902f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0902cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f050001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f070011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f0301ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f060003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f0f019f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentHostel_listview = 0x7f09045b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f0301ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/downloadcenterheading = 0x7f0e00c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f0301ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_e_value = 0x7f090320
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f030196
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f030132
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabMode = 0x7f0302bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored.Active = 0x7f0f0133
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f030142
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f0f0000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentlibrary_headLayout = 0x7f0900f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f030165
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_subject_activity_new = 0x7f0c00fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f0301a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mother_layout = 0x7f090326
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f0301a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f03001d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f070084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_phone = 0x7f0700fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_briefcase = 0x7f0700be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout = 0x7f0301a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f0301a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f0f001b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/half_circle_right = 0x7f0700b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_fridayHeader = 0x7f09017c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f030195
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egAxisTextSize = 0x7f030110
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/timelineheading = 0x7f0e020a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f030192
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/scroll = 0x7f0903f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f0302ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_about = 0x7f0700e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f030178
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f0301d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f0300cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f0302c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/take_photo = 0x7f0e01fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f0302e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_template_big_media_custom = 0x7f0c00cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f0302dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f10000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_clock = 0x7f0700c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f03018c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f0e0021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_costperbedTV = 0x7f09005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f06003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f0f0100
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f07004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f0301da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day3 = 0x7f0901fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f07003d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_layout = 0x7f09022a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_unknown_issue = 0x7f0e0084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imageAspectRatio = 0x7f030186
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f0300f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f030185
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f030182
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f030036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f090158
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f0302d0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f070034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f03009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f10005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/grade = 0x7f0e010c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f0301d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f030240
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentSubjectAdapter_teacherContactIconIV = 0x7f090488
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f030232
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f0f019a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feesAdapter_nameHeader = 0x7f09025a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f030028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f09004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/admDate_layout = 0x7f090116
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_teachers = 0x7f0700f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f03006c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f03017c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/roomno1 = 0x7f0903e2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_calender_time = 0x7f0700c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f070094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f0f01df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f03021b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/classes = 0x7f0e0077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_flexBasisPercent = 0x7f0301db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fees = 0x7f0e00f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f03021d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f0301ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f030009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/paymentFrom = 0x7f090391
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f030294
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentAdapter_status = 0x7f09043c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f060080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/test_list = 0x7f0904fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/rectangles = 0x7f0903cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/helperText = 0x7f03016f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/payment_activity = 0x7f0c00d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/height = 0x7f03016e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f030168
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f030166
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/about_school_activity = 0x7f0c001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f03015f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/homework_bottomSheet_webview = 0x7f0902a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/roboto_calendar_week_layout = 0x7f0c00e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/largeheading = 0x7f0600a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f03030a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:menu/base_activity_drawer = 0x7f0d0000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f03015d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_courselist = 0x7f0c0053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f06008d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f0301cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f090023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/uploaddocumentheading = 0x7f0e0228
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f060034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f0300dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f030155
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option_b = 0x7f090375
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/day7 = 0x7f0901ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_thursdayList = 0x7f090188
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f030333
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f06002a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/thursdaylayout = 0x7f09050e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070037
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f090036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0300ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotificationAdapter_titleTV = 0x7f090466
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_minWidth = 0x7f0301eb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f060005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f03013e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f050003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f100047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/totalattempts = 0x7f090526
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f100016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/total_scored_marks = 0x7f0e0217
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/match_constraint = 0x7f090305
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_tuesdayList = 0x7f09018a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f030150
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/common_google_play_services_updating_text = 0x7f0e0089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egLineStroke = 0x7f030121
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c00c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/pink_border = 0x7f070139
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f050024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f03014d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFeesAdapter_descriptionTV = 0x7f090445
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_mondayHeader = 0x7f090180
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f030039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f03020f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0301f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/toggle = 0x7f09051a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/State = 0x7f100066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f03014c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f0600be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_day_of_the_week_font = 0x7f05009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fragment_student_classtimetable_listview = 0x7f090278
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_Header5 = 0x7f090178
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/slide_rightleft = 0x7f010022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f0300d9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f030077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f0300ff
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f03009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f0300f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f03027d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f0600d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f0f00f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f0300bc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f030146
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/teacher_remark = 0x7f0e0201
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/localIdNo_layout = 0x7f0902f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f030145
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/right_icon = 0x7f0903dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0600a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0300b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/quality = 0x7f0903b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentfromError = 0x7f0e018e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f03003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/shareby = 0x7f0e01df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/altSrc = 0x7f03002d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/negative = 0x7f090345
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f070031
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/selectChild = 0x7f0e01d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/late = 0x7f0e0130
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/evaluated = 0x7f0e00d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f0302b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/img_background_main = 0x7f070119
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f030170
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/height = 0x7f0e0112
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f05004f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f09003c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/admissionno = 0x7f090117
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f0302a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/notScheduled = 0x7f0e015a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f10000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/addTask_dialog_submitBtn = 0x7f09010a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f030010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f0e0010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f03014b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f030135
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/buttonSelectImage = 0x7f090159
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f0301b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expanded = 0x7f030134
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/cash = 0x7f0e0064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_phoneTV = 0x7f09007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/students_fees_activity = 0x7f0c0102
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f05007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f060038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f0600bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_libraryBook_listview = 0x7f0904b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050080
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/textview_color = 0x7f0500ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/duration = 0x7f03010a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f030053
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/elevation = 0x7f03012d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f0300dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0300a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/marks = 0x7f0e013f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f0302cc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_motherName = 0x7f0904cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egUseInnerValue = 0x7f030129
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/bottom_navigation_background = 0x7f070063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egUseDynamicScaling = 0x7f030127
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/home = 0x7f0e0117
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f030138
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_reportCard_examResult_marksObtainedTV = 0x7f090085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/examscheduleheading = 0x7f0e00e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f0300c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f030236
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transition_transform = 0x7f090530
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egInnerPadding = 0x7f030117
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f060040
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f030085
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050007
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f030038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f0150
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_badge = 0x7f0903fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/blank = 0x7f0e0059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/card_end = 0x7f060056
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f030258
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f0301f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/delete = 0x7f0e00b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_parent_student_list = 0x7f0c0047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/feesAdapter_containerCV = 0x7f090259
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egInnerPaddingColor = 0x7f030118
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/pullToRefresh = 0x7f0903b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0300b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/base_menu_items = 0x7f090140
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_selected_day_font = 0x7f0500a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f07004b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0099
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egInnerValueString = 0x7f03011c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f0f01a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f030331
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f030309
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f030109
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f100043
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/totalfees = 0x7f0e021a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/parent_studentList_studentImage = 0x7f090389
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/beginning = 0x7f090146
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f030020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f030101
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation_homework = 0x7f090340
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f070010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/hostelRoomType_layout = 0x7f0902ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f03025c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/elearning_card = 0x7f09023d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f0300fe
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawPath = 0x7f0300fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f0f0012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/text2 = 0x7f0904fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f0301b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_maxWidth = 0x7f0301e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/status = 0x7f090435
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f09040e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f0f0017
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/motherPhone = 0x7f0e014a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:font/poppins_semibold = 0x7f080003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/viewContainer = 0x7f090568
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f030022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f030066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f0f001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/assignmentpage = 0x7f070057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f0f0104
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/roboto_calendar_month_layout = 0x7f0c00df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textView = 0x7f090501
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f050058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f0300f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070051
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f03020e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egLeftFillerSize = 0x7f03011d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classTimetable_sundayList = 0x7f090186
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f030067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f0302b6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f030252
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egInnerValueColor = 0x7f03011a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_examList_nameTV = 0x7f0900a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/unread_count = 0x7f090550
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/keylines = 0x7f03019d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f0f00d4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/content = 0x7f0300c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/next_TV = 0x7f09034b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f0300e3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0902bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_qualitypoints = 0x7f090482
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c00a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f0302d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f03018b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f03005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f005b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/review = 0x7f0e01c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090134
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_dateLayout = 0x7f09005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentExamSchedule_scheduleListview = 0x7f090441
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/themeGreen = 0x7f0500b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/upload_image = 0x7f090554
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f0f00e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f0054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subjectname = 0x7f0904d6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classSubject_mathsList = 0x7f090172
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/seperator = 0x7f0500a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f0300c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/homeworkDetails = 0x7f0e011a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/librarypage = 0x7f07011f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f070026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f016c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentProfile_nameTV = 0x7f090470
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f0f0069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f0300d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_reset = 0x7f070109
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/topic = 0x7f09051e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f0300ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/login_password_visibleBtn = 0x7f0902fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/overshoot = 0x7f090380
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/download_attachment = 0x7f09021e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f05007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f050025
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f0f0090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f03008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_dashboard_fragment_pendingTask = 0x7f0904a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f0301c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f090152
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/science = 0x7f0e01cf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f0300cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f03029d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_performance = 0x7f0901ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classteacher = 0x7f090192
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0600a9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pending = 0x7f0e0191
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0300b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_module_selection = 0x7f0c0044
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f0300c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f030100
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_quiz = 0x7f070107
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f030268
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f03009d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egUseInnerPadding = 0x7f030128
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_profile_activity = 0x7f0c00f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/currentState = 0x7f0901e0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f09000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f0302c2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RobotoCalendarMonthText = 0x7f0f00da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f03031b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f0300f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentTransportAdapter_detailsBtn = 0x7f090493
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f03026f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/reqlang = 0x7f0e01bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/processingfees = 0x7f0e01a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f030016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/roboto_calendar_circle_3 = 0x7f05009a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/minWidth = 0x7f030214
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textPanX = 0x7f0302ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/showText = 0x7f030284
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f03002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f0300bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f030075
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f030220
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/btn_submit_takeUrl = 0x7f090157
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_studentTimeline_downloadBtn = 0x7f09008f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f0f01c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_logo_trans = 0x7f070131
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f030137
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/setting = 0x7f0e01dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/robotoCalendarPicker = 0x7f0903df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f030248
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/civ_border_color = 0x7f0300a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/toDo = 0x7f0e0210
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/optionC = 0x7f09036d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f030050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/reference = 0x7f0903ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f090250
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f0f01f3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0300ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tabTextView = 0x7f0904e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f0f009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f060073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/radio_button = 0x7f07013c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_notice_board_activity = 0x7f0c00f6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f03019b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_logo = 0x7f070130
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/send = 0x7f0e01db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f03000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_statusTV = 0x7f0904b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_flexShrink = 0x7f0301dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_timeline_listview = 0x7f0904ce
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/offlineheading = 0x7f0e0166
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f0302e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f060050
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/eye_grey = 0x7f0700a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f03002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/transparent = 0x7f0500b3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation_noticeBoard = 0x7f090341
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/valid_upto = 0x7f0e022e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/finished = 0x7f0e00f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/text_input_password_toggle = 0x7f090502
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f03009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/primaryText = 0x7f0600df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f0f01ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f0301ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_status_nameTV = 0x7f0900e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0300b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f030063
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f0600a8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_tasks_activity = 0x7f0c00fd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f03003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f03007d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f0301e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/currentState = 0x7f0300df
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/distance_icon = 0x7f070097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/teacherNameTV = 0x7f0904f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f030097
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f06009e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/logo_small = 0x7f070121
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f030237
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/discountMsg = 0x7f0e00b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060090
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f050077
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/title_template = 0x7f090517
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f03028f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f030094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/top = 0x7f09051c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f0301ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f030092
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fill = 0x7f09026c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/complete_status_layout = 0x7f0901a0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f030280
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_course_curriculum = 0x7f0c003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f030070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mothername_layout = 0x7f090328
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/rounded_rect = 0x7f070146
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f030140
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f100078
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0904ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fcm_fallback_notification_channel_label = 0x7f0e00ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/calender = 0x7f0e0061
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f0302a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_photo_library = 0x7f070101
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/nav_header = 0x7f0c00c5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/right_side = 0x7f0903dd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f0f01f0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_switch = 0x7f0700f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/onlineexamresult = 0x7f0e016e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconTint = 0x7f030181
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f0302c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/base_activity = 0x7f0c0086
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600ba
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f06007e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f03008b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_gmeetliveclass = 0x7f0c005c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/drawer_userName = 0x7f09022f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/bloodGroup = 0x7f0e005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/RollNo = 0x7f0e000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f0300f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f0f01c3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/colorScheme = 0x7f0300bd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f030264
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/toDate = 0x7f0e020e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f030019
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/roboto_calendar_week_margin_bottom = 0x7f0600e7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f060064
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/lStar = 0x7f03019e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/attendence = 0x7f090130
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/quiz_instruction = 0x7f0c00db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f03007a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f0300ee
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_library = 0x7f0700e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f0f0015
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f07012e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f030065
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/subjectlist_spinner = 0x7f0904d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f0600ca
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/presentation_sheet = 0x7f0c00d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f030179
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f030073
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f03001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/payBtn = 0x7f050088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/selectDate = 0x7f0e01d5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egLegendTextSize = 0x7f030120
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f0302bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f060072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/true_value_option = 0x7f090546
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/spring = 0x7f090426
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f0302b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonSize = 0x7f030069
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f0f0144
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/staggered = 0x7f030298
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f0302ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed = 0x7f05003a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_student_classtimetable = 0x7f0c00b7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f06004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_nav_subject = 0x7f0700f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/classduration = 0x7f0e0076
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f030162
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f03007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pendingTask = 0x7f0e0192
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f0600dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/setsTag = 0x7f03027e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f030183
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/grey_button = 0x7f0700ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f030267
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/paymentMode = 0x7f0e0189
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f06009b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_profile_parent_fatherContact = 0x7f0904bb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f03024b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Exam = 0x7f090006
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f030055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f03032c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f0f01bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_attendance_activity = 0x7f0c00e6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f0300f8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f03006f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/borderRound = 0x7f03004d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f03019a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f03000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f0300ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/profileTabLayout = 0x7f0903ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/note = 0x7f090356
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f03006d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f10003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f03029e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f0301c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/trackTint = 0x7f030315
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f030188
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f07012a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/classduration = 0x7f09018e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f0f0106
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f030318
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f030058
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f030088
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/bottomEdgeSwipeOffset = 0x7f030052
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f0301b1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f030047
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentNotification_bottomSheet__crossBtn = 0x7f090467
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020009
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/student_homework_details_activity = 0x7f0c00f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f090400
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070036
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_room = 0x7f07010b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f0302f2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f070028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/topic_count = 0x7f09051f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/barLength = 0x7f030042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f03031a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f030013
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/no_animation = 0x7f01001e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/match_parent = 0x7f090306
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f0302af
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f0f00b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f03003f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_homework_submissionDateTV = 0x7f0900c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0301fb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0600c7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/fragment_dashboard_noticeboard = 0x7f0c00ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nav_about = 0x7f090334
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f100010
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/singleLine = 0x7f030288
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/option4_layout = 0x7f090366
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f02000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0301fc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0600f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/useLogo = 0x7f090557
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f0f005a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_createdimage = 0x7f0901c6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egHighlightStrength = 0x7f030116
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/domainHead = 0x7f0e00bf
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/textview3 = 0x7f09050a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/homework_bottomSheet_crossBtn = 0x7f0902a2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f0f014b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f030074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f030046
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f030057
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f030035
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f0302cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f0302be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f030054
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f030030
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f03004c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/circle_blue = 0x7f070072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f060022
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/vehicleNo = 0x7f0e0233
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_patient_opd_consultant = 0x7f090074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentReportCard_credit = 0x7f090479
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f0f0184
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/layout_email = 0x7f0902dc
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/attributeName = 0x7f030034
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/hindi = 0x7f0e0114
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/north = 0x7f090353
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/driverContact = 0x7f0e00c4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/corner2 = 0x7f070089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f060039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f0301a3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f060002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f03001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f0301c8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f09056d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f07007f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/colorPrimary = 0x7f05002f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f03002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f0f0059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f030024
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f0300e1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_subjects_listview = 0x7f0904cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/slide_out = 0x7f010021
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/sunday = 0x7f0e01f7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/direct = 0x7f090216
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f030026
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0600b9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f06008e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f030081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date4 = 0x7f0901ef
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/academic_card = 0x7f09001c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f0300d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f06008a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f0600cb
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f030147
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f070039
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f030311
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05002c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f0300d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f0f01f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/eye_black = 0x7f0700a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0300a6
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f070042
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/fatherPhone = 0x7f0e00ec
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dashboard_bottomSheet_listview = 0x7f0901e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f030049
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f0302e9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:styleable/DesignTheme = 0x7f10002e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f0f010d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/civ_border_overlay = 0x7f0300a1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f030093
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/queryHint = 0x7f03025e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/warmth = 0x7f030329
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_libraryBookIssued_listview = 0x7f0904b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetails_courseCurriculumTV = 0x7f0901be
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/about = 0x7f0e0028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f0300db
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/clickToClose = 0x7f0300a7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f03000e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f030003
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f030012
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f09052a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f030089
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f030158
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/nodata_layout = 0x7f090350
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f0f01ae
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f090204
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_file = 0x7f0700d7
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0300ab
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/egInnerValueSize = 0x7f03011b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/graph = 0x7f09028d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/courseDetail_discount = 0x7f0901b8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/courserating = 0x7f0e009f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f0300e5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f0301f5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_examSchedule_duration = 0x7f0900a5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_edit = 0x7f0700d3
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/RobotoCalendarDayOfTheWeekText = 0x7f0f00d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f030254
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/version = 0x7f0e0236
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f030029
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/BottomNavigationInactive = 0x7f0f00c1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/visitor_name = 0x7f090575
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/off = 0x7f09035c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/pickuptime = 0x7f0e0199
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/sawtooth = 0x7f0903f4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/mobileno = 0x7f09030e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_add_alert = 0x7f0700b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0600b0
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f030304
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f09035a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f030296
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f0300e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f0600da
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/motheroccup_layout = 0x7f090329
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f0f01ac
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_notification = 0x7f0700f9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f030290
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/pdf_file = 0x7f070138
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/visitorbook = 0x7f0e0239
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f0300c9
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/moption_b_value = 0x7f09031a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_no_of_personTV = 0x7f09006b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/type = 0x7f09054c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/save_image_matrix = 0x7f0903ed
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/slide_leftright = 0x7f010020
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/common_google_signin_btn_tint = 0x7f05003b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/date6 = 0x7f0901f1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f030307
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/guardianemail_layout = 0x7f090296
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/radiobutton_black = 0x7f07013d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/slide_in = 0x7f01001f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/adapter_student_exam_schedule_exam_list = 0x7f0900ad
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f050081
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f030143
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/gender_layout = 0x7f09027f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/up_from_bottom = 0x7f010023
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/student_homeworkDetails_summeryCard = 0x7f0904b5
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f0600d2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/Roomno = 0x7f09000c
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/correctanswer = 0x7f0e0094
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_photo_camera = 0x7f070100
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/course_sectionNameTV = 0x7f0901cd
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f030059
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/dark = 0x7f0901e4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f0f007b
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/baseline_done = 0x7f07005f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/fp_logo = 0x7f090275
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_liveclass = 0x7f0c0066
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f030072
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/select_currency = 0x7f0e01d8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/choosepaymode = 0x7f0e0074
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f030084
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:layout/adapter_student_syllabs_status = 0x7f0c0070
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/fabSize = 0x7f030141
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f030171
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_download_accent = 0x7f0700d1
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f030175
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation_reportCard = 0x7f090342
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f05005e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/showHome = 0x7f090413
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f0f01e8
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f030130
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/async = 0x7f09012a
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f090028
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f070038
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:drawable/ic_access_time_black_24dp = 0x7f0700b4
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f06003e
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f050067
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/totalrating = 0x7f090528
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f06005d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0300b2
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/studentFees_listview = 0x7f090459
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:string/titlefield = 0x7f0e020d
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:id/navigation_home = 0x7f09033f
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f0f0055
com.cyberdetox.amaravathijuniorcollege:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f030184
